Gorgeous car - WHAT A LEMON!!! Save your money! Be smart - do not buy anything with this company. I too had many a phone call to customer service, only to be pawned-off with 'sorry you are having a bad expereince'. Bad experience???---the doors lock on their own while the car is running and nobody is inside; the windows would roll down as you try to get in the car; all the interior and experior lights would stay and won't shut off...should I go on?
I had a 2003 Jaguary X type for 2 years. I brought it in for routine maintenance and while waiting for a loaner care decided to test drive this car. I fell in love with it. It looks amazing, handles great, is a combination of incredible luxury and performance. I cannot imagine myself ever driving anything other than a Jaguar. I have heard negative things from others, but this is my second Jag with no problems, nothing but car driving joy.   But the look is amazing. Everywhere I go (down my street, through a drive through, in a parking lot) I get positive comments.
Best car i've ever owned (and I've owned Mercedes, BMW, Saab). Lifts your spirits no matter how short or long the journey is. The interior is a little cramped, but for me it's cossetting, in the way a Jaguar should be. Constantly get whistles and 'nice car' shouts from passers-by.  It's been 100% reliable - and I've driven it hard. Sometimes the seat memory seems to lose it's memory, but that's it. Looking at the new XF, but will definitely keep this one somehow..!
this is a great car used for the price, i have been very happy with all but the transmission that went bad(not built by jaguar by the way but same tranny in a 740 bmw and considered one of the best trannies u can get)it ia a car a non race car driver can drive, i have a friend with 2008 evo and i beat him every time because he cant get out of it what the evo can do, i get all the jag has. and looks to go with it. this is for those who want to cruise and be envied.
Fell in love with this car first time I saw it! Sure theres some quirky things about it but theres nothing like it! Since we bought it used (but still under warranty) we were a little worried about reliability but have been plesently surprized so far. The only thing I felt we needed to change were the tires-I hate pirelli's! Now were talking. Handling improved greatly as did the ride. Drop dead gorgeous.....Dealer was most accomodating.
This car commands so much attention you had better be ready for it if you get one. I bought it for my wife. I'm almost embarrased to drive it because it's so sexy and feline. I don't care what anyone says, this is a woman's car (convertible that is, the coup is more masculine).  The dissapointment for me is the lack of performance.  I drive a BMW 7-series as my daily driver and once or twice a week I take the Jag out for gas, etc.  The difference in performance is shocking.  To say the BMW blows the doors off the Jag is an understatement. They both have V8 & similar HP ratings. Why the huge difference? No idea. If you want performance that matches the looks, get the XKR.  If you could re-badge this car with a non-marquee name, say Mitsubishi, it would sell for about 40K. I put this warning out only for the buyer who thinks they are going to get Corvette performance because of the looks and price.  It ain't happening.  This car is for emotional buyers and image only.  Your jollies come from what you know others are thinking about you when they see you in it.  I'm giving it maximum stars on value and overall rating because I bought the car ONLY for the knockout statement it makes, not for anything else. And it has delivered hugely in that regard.  If I were to rate the car minus the image and mystique factor, it would get one star for value and three stars for overall. PS--I have never read a professional review of this car, these comments are 100% from personal experience.           
Great car.  The only thing that would be better is if I could drive it year round and if it had a proper motorized cover that came down over the top.
What a piece of crap!  Bought the jag new.  Right off the showroom floor.  Nothing but problems.  It knows how to get to the service dept. by itself now!  All things electrical (top, windows, console, steering wheel, seats, seat heaters, seat controls, both interior and exterior lights, trunk)have failed and continue to fail over and over again.  Replaced water pump, thermostat, braking system, yadayadayada.  Bought for my wife as a gift.  Paid cash.  The car has been garage kept and babied.  Still only has 18,000 miles. Jaguar dealer and manufacturer indifferent and smug. Folks.  Don't do it. Don't believe the hype.  Jaguar is STILL the best looking car you'll ever see behind a tow truck!  Buy a Yugo instead.  More reliable.  Trust me.
Refined luxury best describe the XK8. The car delivers smooth acceleration, great handling and 'eye-catching' appeal. It is truly a pleasure to drive. The car is perfect for a mid-life crisis because it doesn't make the 40 something crowd appear to be hanging on to 'days gone by'!!
what a wonderful car.truely a joy to drive and absolutly beautiful.i am so glad i picked it over the vette
Luxury sports motor at a (reasonably) affdordable price. Overtaking ability gives a buzz and is superb compared to 'normal' cars. Averaging 26mpg (UK) combined which is not bad. Had no problems yet although its a model without a CD player and an add on Jag player is so expensive!
Drop dead gorgeous, smooth, quite and comfortable; yes. Reliable; not mine. I finally got rid of it after a year of this and that failing; attenuators, actuators, rear differential, steering column and much more. I drove around the Ford Explorer loaner more than the Jag. I wrote the president of Jag USA; his secretary sent it to some regional lackey who in turn arrogantly said 'well, I guess you just had a bad experience with your Jaguar'. I got rid of it right away.
As a first time owner of Jaguar, I am totally impressed. I can understand the adage... once a Jaguar owner, always a Jaguar owner. I particularly like the sport shift feature where one can get a better feel for the power. I have no idea what this monster will do top speed as there are no safe places to play. However, quite easilly reaches 115, yet handles as though at 65. The styling is distinctive and makes people drool.
Never felt better about the price I paid for a car ($68,000). I bargain hard for car prices, but this one has the real joy factor that I haven't had with other cars.
Like the car a lot.  Just ordered an XKR with CATS which sould solve the handling problem and gives a nice increase in peformance as well.  Still less than a 500SL and will kick it's butt, plus they are fewer and far between than a Merc or BMW.P.S.  This website has the wrong picture for this category.  They have the 4 door cheapo Jag pictured.  You'd think that a car site could figure that one out eh?
this is one beautiful car!  as i said before it is not a drivers car tho.  when you get in its like youre in a totally separated from the rest of the world.  you throw it into drive and it drives itself, which was my main problem with the car.  this car just doesnt beg you to drive it.  would be an ideal car for old women.  being 20 years old i got some real mean looks from people and on one occasion someone keyed my car real good.  so i decided to get rid of it and get something that wasnt as flashy.  the main reason why i got rid of it was after a while, just little things went wrong with it.  had problems with the top, and NEVER jump in a pool with the remote entry thing.  that caused problems you wouldnt believe.  another problem was when the top was down and you drive fast it automatically turns the volume on the stereo up cause of the noise from the wind.  but when you hit the breaks it suddenly turns the music way down.  i dont know it got annoying after a while.  the car is fast.  its easy to drive and then look down and realise youre going 100mph.  corners pretty good, and has a pretty bad blind spot.  all these little niggles aside its a great car.  would be a much better car if it had a manual or paddle transmission.
Blend of luxury and performance with British style, ( this is no Ford) as commonly stated , but in the same breath, thank God for the good management of that great American company to save a sleak Cat from the socialist. As all car companys they are World cars, and is not subsidized anymore in to obsolescents. I don't understand the people that complain about the back seat or leather package tray, as they call it. Didn't they see it before they bought it? As for the power issue, they make the XKR for Mister Macho. This XK8 is for my wife and she loves it! As for me I love the idea that she happy with it, now how many can say that about a car and a woman
There's some nonsense written on here, evidently some of the 'reviewers' have never even been in the car, much less driven it. I strongly suspect that if you're 20 years old and can barely spell your own name, you're not buying $80000 cars.    Firstly, let's get rid of this 'Ford' nonsense. Why people pick on Jaguar to tag with the Ford brush, I don't know. Ford supply the cash, the British get on with the design and building. Ford have been in the UK and Europe for decades,owning the small car market with Europe only models that Americans don't understand.    I work for a comppany in California that is owned by a vastly larger company. Nobody comes along and says 'oh you're just *****'. In fact our company has its own very well known and individual brand identity. I haven't noticed Volvo owners being lambasted for being owned by Ford. I suspect it's the usual sad American desire to get one up on Brits. Please, get over it. We let you have your big fat continent, but you didn't get to have any culture. We'll leave it at that.    The XK8 was designed and built in Britain by British people that understand taste class and luxury. A Lincoln it most certainly it is not and never will be. Indeed we only have to look to the new XJ8 to see just what Jaguar engineers can come up with that's far and away superior to the rest of the world. All they needed was the cash.    The XK8 was the last great work by Geoff Lawson, who sadly died a couple of years ago.    The AJV8 engine was designed and built in the UK. FOrd supplied the cash, Coventry did the work.    I really enjoy this car. Initially I was just going to keep it for six months and then look at a BMW or even a new Mini, but I just can't part with it. It is superb, beautiful, exquisite, preternatural, distinctive, radiant.I love the reaction it generates,from absolute joyous participatory admiration from enthusiasts to rancid angry jealousy - fortunately no one has attacked it yet.    The best part of driving this car is doing what it was designed for - long cruises. This car eats continents for breakfast. It loves to have its legs stretched. And the environment - leather, walnut, a touch of chrome, subtle lighting.    Going back to my other car is like going back to work after a relaxing long weekend in the Cotswolds.
All that you have heard about Jaguar's and there legendary failures is true. What allows then to stay in business must be the looks of the car's. My 97 XK8 was heralded to be the best car Jaguar had ever produced, a new motor, newly designed everything. A new jaguar!! Here's the real story: For the first 2 months of ownership my neighbors thought I bought a lincoln, that is what you are given when you car is in the shop. My car had 3 radios (and still has motor noise and poping in the radio), new front seats (the leather covers are still comming off the car), the console lights are out again (they replaced the console 3 times), the exaust system had to be replaced, the steering wheel had to be replaced because the controls werent functioning, and now the MOTOR must be replaced. All this on a car that was serviced by the dealer BEFORE the recomendid mileage / time described in the manual. By now you must be thinking that the car was mishandled or has lots of miles. My car is garage kept, never been hit, and has 55,000 miles. One day I went to start it and the motor started to make very loud noises, and conked out now I need a new motor, what a great car. 5000 miles out of warranty and I am stuck with a bill amounting to $8500.00. When I contacted the zone manager for Jaguar she never spoke to me other than to return a call and say they wont assist me with the 8500.00 bill. no discussion at all, just 'your car is past the warranty and that is your responsiblilty'
Awesome.  Such luxury with satisfactory power and road holding.  I'm a 54 years of age fat bald and have occassionally been embarrassed by the looks of women who have even approached me whilst i've been gassing it up in a station [which is not to say that i haven't enjoyed this].  everyone i meet asks about the car.roadholding is superb.  in the winter it handles snow better than a range rrover.in france at 100 mph i managed 28 mpg and usually get 21 around town.reliable.  afew electrical problems but sorted at no cost by main dealer.buy one.i need additional seats and have just part exchanged it for a new s type jaguar sport.  i've had five mercs, a terrible bmw, range rovers and gods knows what else but this is the car i wish i could keep forever. i'm finally a jaguar convert after years of german cars that are prone to breakdowns and don't have the build quality of a jag.  
This is a hell of a car, comfortable, fast, glorious to look at, and wonderful to drive. It is a serious contender to an already full contenders list, and in my book, this is very near the top of the table.
I got this new Jag as a first car. I looked at Mercedes-Benz SL500's, BMW M3's and Porsche 911's, but the XK8 is definitely the best looking and the best value. Everyone should own an XK8.
This car is a joke.  I've owned several Mercedes Porsche and other mid and high end vehicles.  I'm not looking for someone in a white smock named Hans to walk out and greet me but the over all experience has been my worst. The car looks good but doesn't deliver in any other area....  switches have stopped and started working dash warning lights go on and off or I pull over and turn the car off to reset the system. The convertible top cover flew off and put a big ding in the trunk lid, while I was cruising down the highway. Service has been I can't  believe how bad. Greasy hands on the wheels, oil left a quart low after a change, Antifreeze overfilled and left driping around the filler cap. They damaged my wheel rotating the tires they weren't suppose to rotate.  They put the bigger rear tires on the front and the smaller front tires on the back. (18'wheel option has smaller front wheels) Front tires are wearing unevenly on the inside at 8,000 miles and I'm feeling vibration in the steering wheel. Wish I never bought it.  If you are considering a purchase.  Reconsider.
excellent car. Just great. Style and luxery. finally ford is kicking in! Car just is perfect for the wealthy class and isnt too snoobish. just love it, even though it partially resembels the Ford Taurus, which isnt a bad thing, but its styling cues are just great. Jaguar is the only European (well Ford now!)car company that deserves your hard earned cash. Go JAG!
A vehicle reeking of cool Britannia. Ultimate anglophile's revenge on the fellow teutonic driving 'machines'. Considering the near super-exotic car feel of the XK8, it's a bargain for mere $70K. Half the price of Aston Martin or entry-level Ferrari but near equal 'wow' factor. In fact, the XK8 will draw more attention and outperform the Aston Martin DB7, which shares a lot of Jaguar styling and parts for double the price!
As any married man knows, even if you can afford it, there are cars that you WANT but there is no way to SELL the wife on them.  I saw the Jaguar XK-8 but didn't fall hard right away because I never liked the XKE's. It grew on me quickly and I started my campaign to purchase one.  My wife was non-committal at first but very happy for me and offered her advise on its color. After her first experience of being alone behind the wheel with it, (bonding) I now have lost MY sports car.  To someone who cares about his wife's feelings this was a GOOD thing.After having several nice sports cars, some convertibles, I was looking for a nice, classy sports car.  The car rides very smoothly and handles the hills and cornering as if it were on rails (18' wheels).  The top can be raised and lowered in seconds while at a stop light without hassle. With the top down I don't get beat-up by the wind at higher speeds and with the top up, the traffic noise is almost non-existent. The car is quick enough without displacing my internal organs when floored. The styling is classical and the craftsmanship is excellent.There are some design and comfort flaws that are easily overlooked when evaluating the entire 'package'.  The car has many of the latest engineering innovations and a lot of added bells and whistles.This is definitely a car I'll (we'll) keep for a while.  Am still looking for a sports car of my own hence my reference to the Viper and BMW Z8.I you are looking for gut wrenching power or something you can soup-up or a cheap ride, buy something else.  If you are mature and appreciated the finer things, it's a wonderful choice.
I loved this car the first time I saw it. It took me several years to get my own, but I finally got one and I've had it for almost 3 years now. Bottom line, this is a great looking car with lots of power, but if you want luxury, look to Acura or Lexus. The brakes on my car have squeaked almost since I left the lot. It sounds like a city bus. The first time I took it in to have this looked at, the technician said that was a common issue with this car and said it could not be fixed. I've asked them to look at it each time I had the vehicle serviced, and each time, they eithe deny the issue exists or say it can't be fixed. This is obviously not an acceptable resolution. If you are looking for a luxury car, don't look at the G. And avoid Nalley Infinity if you're ever in Marietta, GA!
Tall people's head hits the roof of the car. It mystery gets scratches. I have never had this problem on any other vehicle. I have had to replace both the pins on the left and right axle, the brakes, the wheel bearing and now the cover for the axle is ripped. All this in the first 50,000 kms. Unbelievable.
Very well made car. Fit/finish is first class inside and out. This car looks good and perform even better. My wife does most of the driving but I certainly enjoy my turn. The Nav system is a disappointment. Most features are locked while car is in motion. Any adjustment requires pulling off the road. The seats look/feel great but result in serious leg fatigue for myself and my wife on long trips. I would highly recommend this car if long trips and gas milage are not a concern.
I am in 'break in mode' so I will address the non-performance aspects of the car. On my first tank which was 40% city driving, I averaged 22mpg. That included sitting at the Infiniti Dealer Idling for a good 15 minutes with the air conditioner on while our sales guy showed us everything about the Navi Audio system etc. I chose the AWD model as I live in the Chicago suburbs and Winters can be, well, less than RWD friendly. Options include the Navi, Premium, and Sport pkg. The only thing it does not have is the Tech package which included the adaptive headlights, a special seat belt mechanism, and adaptive cruise control. So far the car handles like a dream and is absolutely fun to drive. The only thing I don't like about it is the 6 disc CD changer in the trunk as you really don't need it. You can play from the cars hard drive after you record cd's to it. (Takes about 6 or 7 minutes to record a whole cd). You can also play from a compact Flash card (mp3's) and the internal cd player as well as full control of an IPOD without having to touch it. The Voice recognition is stellar. It can control just about everything except for climate control as they removed a lot of the functionality of that for the 2008 models. Aside from the overall initial mileage, I had two separate trips mostly highway miles that average 25.1mpg (27 mile trip) and 24.5mpg (37 mile trip). As I said, i'm in break in mode and aside from a couple of 3/4 pedal press accelerations, I have babied the car so far. It's a car that likes to be driven hard or soft and even when I am able to drive it hard, I probably will reserve those times to the ole, I know I can so that will take the place of the I will if you know what I mean with regards to flooring it type of starts and blow your doors off. LOL. The vehicles comfort is outstanding, the seats grip you like a glove. The technology is wonderful. All four windows are one touch, that is so great not having to hold the other three after arriving waiting for them to go all the way up. My wife and I couldn't be happier so far and based on Infiniti's reputation (Nissans VQ series engine reliability) and the fact i'm coming off of driving a 1996 Nissan Maxima for 220,000 miles(and it's still going strong as we kept it) I am sure that this vehicle will be part of my family for many years to come. One side not. I will not mention other brands as the intent here is not to belittle anyone else. That said I will simply say that before you say that Infiniti just isn't as good as certain others, take a ride and see for yourself. It is thousands less for what I believe to be a much better all around vehicle.
I chose this car because I liked the way it looked, and it seemed less pretentious than a BMW 5 series (and less expensive), which had been my preferred choice. I've been noticing a lot of these on the road recently and I read all the maagazine reviews before I went to buy.  I have the technology package, which has the Bose sound system but no navigation system.  I opted for the Lakeshore Blue (blue gray) and the wheat colored (very light) leather seating. I hope this was a good interior choice, as it looks nice clean but I am wondering how it will hold up through dogs, children, and my penchant for eating while driving.  Styled alloy wheels are very nice, classy and distincive without being too 'bling bling'. I hope that the low -profile tires don't cause me problems with potholes. An earlier VW GTI I had owned had a terrible habit of bending its wheels on a regular basis hitting normal potholes. The dealer offered $300 wheel/tire insurance (2 years) but I declined, willing to take my chances.
i love the car ,but the gas milelage is very bad. it's $3.00 a gallon in el paso texas. the seatbelts are hard to reach and the seatwarmers are on the center console insted of the side of the seat. and the last con is the leather seats get extremely dirty. i love the bose stero crisp and cleer even with the bass at +5. sunroof nice at night. power power power that car is. it has 300rwhp,6 speed,rwd, and 19 inch wheels. and the ero pkg makes the car that much sporty.
Paint is defective....Red paint is chipping all over car!!
This car drives like a dream come true. I have in my drive way the lexus GS 300 and the Nissan Maxima...both beautiful cars...but the Infiniti G35 is like butter melting. I've been driving it ever since I got it...and the ladies break their neck watching me burn turns like nothing. The acceleration is divine, and the adrenaline you feel from being behind such smooth power is exhilarating. The comfort is fit for royalty...and it's streamline design has every thing practically at your fingertips. The navigation system is sexy. And the leather interior really does make an impression with the passengers who get in...they say...' wow this is really nice' and I'm like....'yea I know'. BUY THIS RIDE...it has attracting powers.
This is a rear wheel drive performance sedan with few peers in it's price class. Based upon the FM platform of the Nissan 350Z sports car, with the exact same engine, transmission, and rear differential it's the 4-Door 'Z'!!    Excellent handling, braking, and acceleration. Unique looks, stylish yet aggressive. Rated as a near luxury class car, some people complain about the quality of interior materials for a car in this class, but one fast trip down a curvy mountain road and you'll know where they spent the dollar$$    Bose stereo weak in the midrange, 6-speed manual with Limited Slip Differential is the bomb! Gear ratios are perfectly spaced, short throw shifter for quick shifts, transmission not as smooth as many competitors. A very powerful 4 door sedan with superb handling and brakes that cannot be matched! This car will allow you to run with most of the big dogs, at a price where you usually have to stay on the porch !!    Have over 8,000 miles since March, 2004 purchase date. A few long trips at high speeds netted 23+ MPG, running 85-95 MPH for long periods of time. Overall mileage of my 6-speed manual has been 23-24 MPG, with a 50%/50% mix of suburban and urban driving.    Very Internet friendly website and purchasing procedure - made my deal on the internet, have every option (Sport Package, Premium Package, Navigation Package, Aero Package), and paid $50 under factory to dealer invoice with the Internet rebate special they had ion March, 2004 (over $5,000 under MSRP) - and this for a very hard to find 6-Speed manual loaded sedan.    Make no mistake, this is a serious sports sedan, especially in the 6-speed manual configuration. I'd buy this car again in a flash, and I'd pay MSRP if I had to - it's that good!
This is a driver's car with a passion for the road. If you desire a 350Z but need an excuse for taking more than one other person. This is the one you have been waiting for. Nice short throw shifter, excellent road manners. I had the premium package with the Bose and Moonroof... only way to go! I looked at the TL / BMW330 but for the best value the G has it all. I am a good size man 6'2 225 at it is the best fit I have had the pleasure to drive. Smooth power delivery and I drive every chance I get. So what if it gets only 22 MPH. You come into this world with nothing and leave with nothing you might as well get something super cool! I got the Ivory Pearl sweet. Nothing to complain about. Love everything about it!....wait no surf racks! and can't hold my Taylor guitar in the trunk...
I had my previous car for 10 years, so I took my time before investing in my next one. After investigating several makes/models, I narrowed my search to Audi, BMW, and the Infiniti G35. While all three score high points for styling, the G35 quickly left the others in the dust...literally.   Don't let the luxurious styling fool you, the G35 is unequivocally a sports car. If you're looking for a smooth ride for gramma and grandpa, look somewhere else (Lexus?). If you desire exhiliration when you get behind the wheel, save some time and go to your Infiniti dealer.  You won't get fired for buying from IBM, and you won't be disappointed if you buy a BMW...but that's boring. If you want an incredible car and not worry about parking next to ten just like it, buy the G35. I've had mine for over three months and I still can't walk away from the car without looking back at it...reminds me of when I found my wife. Cheesey but true. BTW, she's still runnng strong after 10 years with me, so it's a good sign for my Infiniti.
Just replaced a 2003 Saab 9-3 SS(Saab repurchased under lemon law). The G has leather,auto. premium,sport, and aero. Dealer was great. Although I thought the Saab was a great handling car, for fwd, it doesn't hold a candle to the G35. The quality & performance just blows away the Saab and they both had the same MSRP of approximately $34,500. Phenomenal car and dealer follow-up.
I just took delivery of my 2004 Infiniti G35 on December 26th.... the car is awesome! Handles fantastic and is very fast... I had a 2001 VW Passat GLX V-6 which was a great car but couldn't hold a candle to the G in handling and acceleration. It's been so long since I've driven a rear-wheel drive car that I forgot what a difference it makes in cornering and accelerating out of a corner. My G Leather Auto has the aero package, sport suspension package, Premium package w/full-size spare & matching wheel and splashguards. Sticker was $35000 even but I got a great deal at $32500... the dealer was great with no hassles. I handled the transaction via E-Mail and loved it... no question on what was said or quoted since it was all documented in writing. Manumatic works well but it's better left in drive. Car rides firmly but not harshly and smooths out abrupt bumps/expansion joints well. Brakes are excellent and the car stops on a dime. Very solidly built with alot of nice features and very little wind noise. Many magazine reviews state that the seat controls are in an awkward spot but it's no problem for me... I actually like it better, especially if you need to adjust the passenger seat since you don't have to lean over & reach to the side of the seat for the controls. Seats are very comfortable and the sound system is great.. I really like the Radio Data System which tells you the name of the station, artist & song title... wish the steering wheel controls were lit at night but I'm used to the buttons now. At night, there is some glare from the dash on the windshield but it's nothing major. Wheels look great and are easy to clean (since there is quite a bit of brake dust but no more than my VW). Rear reclining seats are a cool feature and there's plenty of room in the back. I wondered why Infiniti chose to have a hood prop rather than a gas-assisted strut.. but the dealer mentioned to me that because the hood is made of aluminum, it can dent easily. With gas-struts, people tend to bring the hood down to the latch and then push on it to fully close it whereas with the prop one tends to drop it closed (the correct way).  Gas mileage has been a little lower than I had expected, however, it could be due to my driving since it's so fun to drive fast... I'm sure things will improve once I calm down and the car breaks in but I have been averaging around 22 mpg combined driving... still not too bad.  I love the styling and it looks more expensive than it really is... gets alot of looks. I got the Desert Platinum w/ willow interior which is a great combo... color doesn't show the dirt much at all. Interior carpet is very light so I bought some cheap mats for the winter so I don't ruin the factory ones.  Overall, I am super pleased with the entire vehicle, from the dealer right through to the driving experience. If anyone wants to E-Mail me, go right ahead but don't be upset if I don't respond right away... I'll most likely be out driving my G.
On a snowy and cornery road I had passed Audi A6 quattro. G 35 goes into corners like a hell. My wife has a Subaru and on slippery road when I drive that car I feel like front wheels have tendency to slide out off the corner. My new G35 gets into the corner perfectly and VDC keeps the rear wheels in controled slide. Just fun to ride if you have 'heavy foot!!!
I have been searching for a car for the past 2 months. Test drive many cars and was Considering G35 until I test drive it. If you love rough ride, this car is for you. I thought interior is beautiful, accelerates very well. But when it shift gears, the whole car shakes. It is no where near a luxury car smooth acceleration like a lexus or BMW offers. If you can accept that, everything else is not bad
The car is beautiful! Great road feel. Awesome power. Great brakes and steering feel. The stereo rocks! The BIGGEST issue I have with this car is, no matter how I adjust the driver’s seat it is NOT at all comfortable. I’m issuing a warning to anyone that is over 6 feet tall and/or 250+ pounds, this car is NOT comfortable. Make sure you drive this car for 60 – 70 miles before deciding to purchase!! This car is for sale immediately!
I looked at every car in this segment: 330i, IS300, TL, C320, Audi A4, and even the CTS and LS. I settled on the G35 because it provided the best of all worlds. It has the interior space to be comfortable, but is very tossible in the twistys. The engine is very powerful. Also I know the engine family that the VQ comes from is very solid. I also own a 2000 Maxima.     I wanted a car that had was fun to drive, could fit my friends and family, and is safe and reliable. I also wanted to make sure that the customer service that I got was good. The G35 met these requirements.     I got the 6 speed since it comes standard with the sport package, and the winter package. I added the Pr package, the wheel locks, the trunk mat, and the splash guards. The only options I didn't get were the aero and the nav. I have a nav system already and I didn't need another one. I'm not a big fan of spoilers either so I didn't want the aero package.     I got the 6 speed since I think that the auto box shifts too slowly. Also, I don't to do multiple things while I drive and a manual will force you into paying more attention to the act of driving.    I've had the G for a little over 3 weeks now and I've racked up about 2000 miles. The only issues that I have had with the car is that the driver's side memory seat doesn't always seem to work, and that the CD changer is loud when switching CDs. The former could be user error but I don't think so. It doesn't happen all the time so I'm not sure that anything can be done about it. The latter is just me being picky.    I would prefer knobs replacing the up/down toggle buttons for the temp and the volume. I'm not sure why Infiniti would go with the toggle switches here since I know that they have done the knobs in the past.     I haven't had any issues with the brakes being touchy. They seem fine to me.     I also like the fact that Infiniti benchmarked the 3 series in so many different areas that they even got down the little things like how in fifth gear the speedo and the tach match. It’s not functional for that to happen, but it’s something that’s pretty cool.    The dealer that I got my car at was horrible. I had conducted the entire transaction over the phone. But when I got there to pick up the car they switched tried to switch the pricing on me. They then tried to convince me that it made more sense to spend an extra $936 on the same car even though they had made the mistake. They had me waiting around for 3 hours to fix their mistake. They did eventually agree to the contract that they had promised. But even then they tried to make it seem like they were doing me a favor. Ridiculous. The only redeeming factors were that I got a car fresh off the boat (I had ordered it weeks earlier) and that the price was excellent. I would still recommend Ray Catena though because of the follow-up service that I have gotten. Just not the salesperson that I got. If you’d like to find the name of the sales person that I got, please feel free to ask.     Recommendations that I would have for the G would be:   -	Knobs for volume  - 	Make the key part of the hey fob, like Audi  -	The radio display gets washed out under direct sunlight  -	The fog lamps should be bumper mounted  -	The CD changer should have more sound deadening material  -	The First Aid kit should have something for a headache  -	Nissan can’t make windshield wipers that work well. I don’t understand why not, but they just can’t.   -	The shifter feels like there is a subway turnstile in it. It’s not bad, just kind odd.       That’s about it.     Otherwise the car has been excellent.
Initially we looked at every single model in a specific price range (40K-50K) and for several reasons, we narrowed our search to three models:   ·	Infiniti G35  ·	Acura TL-S   ·	Lexus ES330.   We must admit before test-driving we were almost sure that we would be buying Lexus, but having compared all the options we changed our mind and strongly feel now that for someone in his/her mid30’s Infiniti G35 is the best money can buy. This car has everything you expect from a sport sedan: performance, comfort and look. We got the 2004 luxury Charcoal on black model and we also added a spoiler to it. (We hated a silver dash-board on a sport-model and were tempted to replace it with ‘a wood’ package, but a luxury model looks   Much better than the sport one, so decided not to bother).
Researched everything in this price range, from Acura TL Type-S to BMW 330i, and went with G35 for the best combination of looks and price. Got Black Obsidian w/ Graphite leather interior and totally love my car. Acceleration even in auto mode is sink-you-in-your-seat fast. Features galore, as many as the E320 for $20,000 less. Wind noise is minimal, but I found it hard to concentrate on wind noise when all I could think was, 'Holy-sh*t-I'm-going-fast-I-was-going-35 mph-2-seconds-ago.'
Best in class for value. Caribbean Blue which receives great comments from others. I have owned this car for close to a year now and feel it's time for comments.
I've had the car for 2 days. Looked great. It is a 6 speed manual transmission. Was not happy with South Motors dealership, as they made me wait 3 weeks to receive the car, which was being transported from another state.
ALL I CAN SAY IS WOW. WHAT A CAR.
Wow! This car is great. Premium package, black/graphite. Also have 1993 J30t but this car is light years ahead of the J in performance but the interior of the J still oozes quality and class more than the G. Bought this car after testing two Gs and two FXs. Wife liked FX due to style I like G because of ride, handling, performance. Since it is my car then I chose.
The first 2 weeks were great...read below for details
I have 10,000 miles on this car. Love the ride, acceleration and performance. I have the sport tuned suspension, aero package, leather and its a joy to drive. The buying experience was wonderful, service is second to none and the free hand washes are incredible. Car has been mechanically sound.
I wanted this car from the time i first saw it. I test drove cars for months, almost everything in its class. I decided on the G for design, ride and price. I have not been dissapointed. 11 months into it and I have not had any of the problems I have heard about. Nothing but fun.
Lion in disguise
I've owned my Infiniti G35 for 11 months and 21000 miles.    I purchased the car in July 2002 with Automatic Transmission, Premium Package, Xenon Headlamps, Leather Interior, and Wood Trim.    I have some good news to report and some bad news to report. See below.
My third Infiniti, and while I really liked them all, this one gives true excitement. The purchasing experience at an Infiniti dealer is different and actually quite enjoyable.
This car has been good so far. It has some nice features like the one touch windows/sunroof, power seat adjustments, and heated seats. This car has plenty of get up and go, but so far I am trying to adhere to the break in period. It seems the Bose stereo could be of better quality. I previously owned a 2000 I 35. There is no comparison between the I and G. I do like the absence of locks on 3 of the 4 doors and the trunk.
Let me begin by saying that I am car nut. I looked for months to find the best car I could get within my budget. After testing the A4, the new TSX, the 2004 Maxima, and the Mazda 6, the G35 blew them away. The A4 was too small, the TSX's styling was too conservative, the Maxima was overpriced and the Mazda 6 exterior looks ridiculous.    I was able to get a 6sp. with everything except the navigation and rear spoiler for $31,400. I have been in love with the car since I drove it off the lot. The engine is powerful, the steering is reponsive, and the interior is both sporty and luxurious. The car definitely makes a statement and unlike a BMW 3 series you don't see one at every corner. The car is at home cruising on the highway or carving up a curvey country road. I would recommend the car to anybody.
Excellent car in all ways except one big one. City gas mileage is terrible, 13.5 mpg. I drive very easy, called Infiniti many times, took to 2 dealers (both told me others had same problem)who checked in with Infiniti for tips, and said everything was in spec. Since the price sheet says the City MPG is 19, I think they are misleading the public with such a high estimate. I have never had a car that deviates that much from the sticker. Barry Mason
I test drove the G35 automatic at my local dealer for the first time last summer. It was already a winner versus the other manu-matics, but I like to pick my own gears. I waited…WOW. The 6 Speed Sedan drives like an S-2000 and still fits the kids. The pure power of this motor coupled directly to the drive train is downright dangerous. It has enough torque to easily start off the line in second gear and will do better than 60 MPH before you need the clutch again. I live in the land of endless freeways and when cruising well in excess of the speed limit, it is perfectly well-mannered, only faster.    My G35 Sedan 6 MT package came with the sport package: 17” wheels, lower profile tires and a slightly stiffer suspension. The ride is firm, but not harsh. Control from behind the steering wheel is precise and predictable. The recent rains, in combination with Southern California drivers, have provided several opportunities to test the tires and antilock brakes on the wet pavement. I’d swear the thing is on rails. Note: Keep an eye on the rear view mirror when braking hard. These brakes will stop you before just about anything else on the road.    The G35 MT I bought has the premium package and came with the reclining back seats, upgraded stereo, sunroof and a few extra toys. It is well worth the extra bucks if you can find it. I do not know how many of these my friends at Infiniti are planning to build, but, it may take a while to find the right one. The dealer was great. I made the contact through Infiniti’s Web site. You can see what each dealer has on the lot before you talk to them. They opened up the shop early for me and I drove it to work that morning. I have never bought a car in 45 minutes before. What a pleasure.    At 6’3”, I am fairly tall, but the G35 has enough room to get me where I need to be and still have room for back seat passengers. If you spend a lot of time in the car, it makes a big difference not to have to duck your head under the rear view mirror to see across the intersection. The seat controls take a little getting used to, but with the memory that comes with the premium package, it’s not an issue after you get it set up. The passenger seat is quite comfortable and with its own A/C settings, your significant other can be in the desert while you are in the mountains.    There are, of course a few things that I am still scratching my head about: Gas. I seem to be going through quite a bit of it: I am getting just over 20 MPG with mixed driving. The controls for the stereo and climate control take a little getting used to. After a week of playing, I have it switched to A/C ECON and forgotten about it. It does the job without being bothersome. Loading CD’s can be a project that demands more attention than it should. Try to load the stereo while you are in the driveway. The brakes will kick out enough brake dust to get the wheels dirty with one trip to work.
What a car! Infinity has definetly gotten it together with this one. Unbelievable power and passing or uphill acceleration is no problem with this beauty. The Bose system is sound perfect. An awesome ride - that only gets more appreciated with each drive.
Great car for $35k. It has every option except for nav. system. I own a 2000 328i Sport/Premium pkg. and considered a new 330i. The g35 doesn't match the BMW in refinement, but makes up for it in performance. This is the only Infiniti product I have ever considered buying and am pleased with the purchase.
Excellent car for the money.
Nice combo of luxury and sportiness. Neither a top notch racer, nor premier luxury car, but accels in both fields. I bought the 6-speed coupe with 18' wheels and Brembo brakes. It accelerates very smoothly, and is a smooth joy to drive on the highway. Hearing the engine, and feeling the slightest touch of torque put you back in the high-lumbar support seats makes keeping your foot out of the throttle extremely difficult. I literally have to use the cruise control to keep the car down to reasonable speeds in the mountains, it likes to fly, and it's a completely comfortable ride while carving. Braking performance can almost bring your lunch back up, I've never seen another car brake like this.    Interior is subdued and comfortable. Radio controls could use some refinement, I had to spend some time getting used to them, especially since there are no knobs. It's all buttons, and they're piled in the console with the clime control. Sometimes I press the wrong 'Off' button.    Mileage is terrible. The best mileage I've ever seen is 22MPG, when it was a long haul highway trip, with the cruise control taking the throttle. In 5,000 miles, we're averaging under 19 MPG overall. Don't let the 24/27 MPG dealer sticker fool you. Upon searching the Web, I guess this is unfortunately common.    Backseat is for kids only. Every single adult who's ever sat back there has left greasy hair prints on the back glass. No head room if you're 5'10' or taller.    Trunk is the smallest I've ever seen. Grovery bags don't stand up in there.    However, I love this car. It's been awesome, and is extremely fun to drive. I have an honest to goodness difficult time driving it nicely. I *SO* want to race every corner and stop light.
Great car. Definitly sets itself apart from the competition. I searched around quite a bit before buying and was able to find my exact car online before I ever called the dealer. Car is attractive, has lots of power and since I got it loaded (minus $2k GPS), I am satisfied with all bells and whistles.
This is my first Japanese car. Nice car. Good value for the price. However, if the price was $2,000 to $4,000 more I would have bought a 325i BMW instead. My wife has a 2002 325i, entry level except for premium package and xenons, and it is a better car. The build quality of the BMW is better than Infiniti's. My impression is that the build quality of Infiniti is on a par with VW. After all, the G35 is just a rebadged Nissan.    Nissan/Infiniti have to have their dealers realize that customer service is of the highest priority. I have had poor service from Niello Infiniti in Concord, CA. Their service manager actually complained to me that they had spent too much time on my car to correct a design or manufacturing flaw.
I am a car enthusiast. Being a BMW fan, i expect the best to even compare to the KING BMW. So far until the G35, the BMW 330i was untouchable. It had gotten 1st place in many articals and magazines. Once the G35 came though, BMW had just got its 1st major opponent. The G35's acceleration (6 sec 0-60), phenominal brakes (probably would give you a wiplash if you hammered them), a beautiful styling inside and out gave BMW a royal beating. For 35000, you can get a top of the line G35 (not to mention the throaty 260 hp is standered with every version of the G35) romps BMW. Infinity has finally got out of its pits and found a strenght, the all new G35. (BUY ONE, check it out for your self!!!!)
The car looks and handles like more expensive cars. From its' Xenon headlights to the LED taillights (and everything else) it is a beauty. Excellent acceleration throughout it's power curve. A great sound from it's exhaust that turns from a burbling sound to a howl when you accelerate. The interior is the only negative - Infiniti obviously spent most of their money on the engine and drivetrain - this is a sports/GT car after all! But the overall fit and finish of the car (excluding the dash materials) is first-rate. No squeaks or rattles - the car is as solid as a tank. Overall, this is the best car I have ever had and I have driven dozens of cars over almost 30 years. If you don't mind the natural lack of space that a coupe entails, and the interior doesn't bother you A LOT, then buying this car is not just recommended, it is your duty!
I have owned my G for three weeks. I Look forward to running chores for the family. Price wasn't too bad, you are going to have to pay at least 35k Cdn for a decent car anyways, why not spend a little more. Have owned an infiniti G20 many moons ago, great service from dealers.
WOW! I cannot say more: this car leaves me speechless, and awed everytime i see it/drive it/show it off. I have a Silver one with full aero package/Navigation/XENON...the works! This car, out of every BMW and LEXUS i have owned is definately the best out of EVERYTHING i test drove/owned. I get the most looks when i drive this car and everytime i park it ANYWHERE, even a couple times in BEVERLY HILLS, i get looks and crowdsa around my car. And At least one person who is part of the crowd, when he learnds the price says he will get one. EVERYTHING is easy to use on this car and the looks: ABSOLUTELY GORGOUS. If i had to, i would say that this is the best day in age for cars, only because of this car. INFINITI IS ALSO A GREAT COMPANY TO DEAL WITH IN DEALERSHIPS!    CAR OF THE YEAR BABY!
Great car! Good mix of sportiness, features and room for four adults. Ride is firm without being too stiff (even on the upper midwest roads in the winter). The Laser Red color is great and gets a lot of looks and comments.
Excellent fit and finish. Nicely optioned, and very nice driving car. Noticeably cheap interior materials, and windshield(thin) easily broken/cracked.
Test drove the G35 Coupe this past Monday. Car is just amazing. Everything from the looks, the interior is designed very nicely with alot of neat features, ride is very comfortable and most entertaining of all is the 3.5L 24 DOHC V6. This car MOVES! If you aren't a fan of the true 6 speed manual (I am) take the auto. You can put it in sports shift mode and it acts as a manual without a clutch. The car itself is very civilized unless you punch it and it hits 3000 RPM's, then you'de better hold onto something because this bad boy will GET GOING...
Nissan/Infiniti has made a significant stride with the G35 coupe. It combines performance with style and value that is second to none. The features, styling, performance and price make this car the best car on the market as an overall package. Nothing on it makes it feel like a compromise.
exhilarating-- so far, highly recommend-- see my 'strengths' section-- it ended up coming down to g35 or acura tl-s     I got Nav, xexon, lotsa wood (did not like original interior surface, which I hid with the wood-- looks very good and rich now!), sunroof, winter pkg, premium package (including reclining rear seats,homelink and other stuff)
Just got the car and love it with one painful exception - the CD player - it jammed within a week. Now I'm waitng a week or two to get a replacement and then another few weeks to get the CDs out of the old unit. Very frustrating experience. From comments by the service technician I get the feeling this problem happens somewhat frequently. This involves the Bose premium system. In fairness the dealer dealt with the problem immediately and my first impressions are otherwise very positive. Too soon to give a full review.
My overall assessment of the G35 has been good. I chose this vehicle because of its styling, handling, and performance. The price for such an automobile was very reasonable. I've had many Audi, BMW, Mercedes, & Lexus driver's inquire about it. They all have complimented the sharp styling.
This car is the best combination of sports car and sedan that I have ever encountered. I looked a long time at the Audi A4, Acura TLS and kept coming back to the G35. The A4 has a tight suspension but its' driving position isn't as comfortable as the G35, and even the 3.0 is underpowered in comparison. The Acura is larger and also has a great engine, but it doesn't have the same tight steering that the G35 has and the interior looks a bit cheezy with all of that plastic wood.     I have been a Nissan owner for the past 12 years I kept coming back because of the great value, performance and low maintenance of their product. I believe that Infiniti offers all of those attributes but with more luxury.     The only painful part of my G35 experience was trying to get one equipped the way I wanted it. Mine has Premium Pkg, Navigation System, Sport Package, Winter Package and Aero Package. The dealers who had them in stock weren't cutting any deals and I didn't feel like waiting until December. So I finally swallowed my pride and paid list. In a couple more trips in this beauty, I will have forgotten about that experience too.
I've owned my 2003 Infiniti G35 for about three months now. I purchased the car at Discover Infiniti in Carlsbad, CA for about $32700 plus tax and license. This includes the Premium Package, Leather, Bose Stereo System, Xenon Headlamps, and Wood Trim Package.    Overall, I am impressed by the strides that Infiniti has taken with this car to try to emulate the driving characteristics of a German sedan (like a BMW). I traded in my 2001 BMW 325i for this automobile, and overall I feel the Infiniti is on par with the BMW.    Both the BMW and the Infiniti are rear-wheel drive automobiles, and there's nothing like it...power delivered to the rear wheels make you feel that the car is being pushed along rather than pulled. For those of you considering an Acura or other front-wheel drive product, you will notice both the Infiniti and BMW have a better turning radius because of the rear-wheel drive system.    However, since I've owned the car, I've had two trips to the dealership to fix squeak and rattle problems in the doors and the rear parcel shelf. The rattle in the door manifested itself sometimes when the radio was on and there's some bass in the music. The good news is that Infiniti has developed a fix-it kit for the dealers to fix the rattle in the doors.    The service department at Discover Infiniti, San Diego is top notch and as Infiniti always does, they provide Infiniti I35s as loaner cars for any service. At BMW, loaner cars are not guaranteed and they use Enterprise Rent-A-Car for the loaner cars.
After having owned a BMW 323i and 330i and all the problems that go along with owning a BMW. Lets just say I am on first name terms with all the people at BMW in my area, I decided to go for something more reliable. Don't kid yourself about this car, the G35 that is. The performance is very similar to the BMW.. I don't have the sports suspension on my G35, out of choice I might add. I found the sports suspension a little too regid in the BMW and I wanted something software in this car. I have to say there is nothing like driving a BMW, but the G35 is as close as you get. The performance of the G35 is far superior to the 330i. I actually waved goodby to the guy in the 330i trying to race me. The look on his face was precious. Fuel consumption is really good, especially on the open road. The tank is also a good size. I have done 10000km so far and absolutely no problems, although I have been called in for a small recall check.
After painstaking research and several test drives(BWM 330, SAAB 9-5, Audi A4) I purchased the G35, without hesitation. I had owned a G20 in the past and found the car to be very reliable, well built, and a good value. The G35 is of course in a much higher class than the G20. It's very fast, handles extremely well, has an engine that purrs, and a level of quality that meets or beats the competition. I've had older model M3's race me and lose badly, much to their surprise. You'll see that Road and Track just rated the G35 as the number 1 sports sedan, beating out the 330 based on the fact that the car performs very close to the 330 but costs $7,500 less. If money is no object get a M3 or M5. But for the money you really can't beat this car.
I was in search of the best sports sedan, for my budget, as a gift for my wife. I did my typical over-researched appraoch and tested the A4, S60, 330i (didn't even drive it, too cramped!), TL-S, Passat and IS300. The Acura was the best deal for the $$, but I still could not pass up the Infiniti. To put it bluntly, this car is in the wrong class. It is a TRUE sports car, much like an Acura RSX or Prelude is. The car is extreamly fast, handles like a rail, stops harder than you'll ever want and shifts exactly like you would. The difference is between the G35 and other sports cars, is the G35 has room for 5! (and more power!) This car goes much further than the 'typical' sport sedans from BMW and Audi. You have to drive this car hard, don't be intimidated by the sales man (in fact, don't let me come at all!) Even the exhaust note is sporty! Makes mom look cool when she's picking up the kid at soccor!
We just purchased the brand new 2007 G35x with all wheel drive. I was very surprised by the get up and go of this vehicle. With 306 horsepower in a small car, this car FLYS!. And did I mention the interior? Talk about luxury, the GPS and dashboard on this car is absolutly amazing. Also, the 'Bose on Wheels' stereo system cannot be beaten. The sound is superb. The only thing I would change is the gas mileage. Right now it is getting 14 mpg on a V6! But that could be because the car only has 125 miles on it. Overall, great car!!
I wanted something to replace my aging Acura Legend, with the power of my 3000GT. The first question people always ask is, why did you get a sedan and not the coupe? For starters, why not? 298HP in a sedan? The luxury of having four doors instead of two? This isn't just some sedan. Like others have stated, its a 350Z with four doors! After testing out BMW's 330 and MBZ's e320/e350, getting into this car was a world of a difference. German cars are quite boring on the inside, they feel cheap for the amount of money paid. The Infiniti put my right at home with all the right technology.
Bad gas Mileage
I bought this car as a replacement for my wife's '93 VW Corrado, which was a super fun car, albeit a bit quirky as it aged. Goods: The G35 coupe's strongest suit is it's looks. The car is gorgeous (although the 19 inch wheels could fill the fenders a bit better). It's relatively quick, handles well (much more fun with the VDC off), has decent brakes and is comfortable. The number of standard features for the money is also a strong point. We looked at the '06 BMW 330 (the coupes still aren't out, so we had to settle for an AT sedan), but we couldn't justify the extra cash, even with an overseas military discount.  Others: The road noise is fairly significant, but I guess that's what you get with that 40 series tires. The center console/cupholder is poorly designed and gets in the way more than anything, some of the interior materials could be a little nicer, the Bose stereo is not good. Now for my biggest beef: the tranny. I haven't driven a car that shifts this poorly since the Chevy Chevette I drove in high school. For a car in the mid to high $30K range from a high end Japanese carmaker, I expected much more. Compare this to any Honda, Toyota or Mazda and it doesn't even come close in smoothness. Some may say this may be because it's a 'performance car'... my '89 Porsche 911 shifts better than this thing, so does the '93 Corrado (and it’s fwd with a cable shifter), so did my old '84 Toyota Supra and '79 Celica I had in college. This appears to be a known characteristic of the car, so it’s not just ours. I'm surprised I don't see more negative reports on this. It is getting a little better as we break it in, but it should be much smoother right out of the box. But I digress... Overall, I'm satisfied with the car and based on Infiniti's reputation of late, I expect above average reliability and resale value.
For those considering this car, the 2005 G35 was made available in a six-speed manual, and HP was bumped up 298 (contrary to what this website indicates).    I bought my G35 last month, and have been loving nearly everything about it! With the '06 models soon to arrive, I got a great bargain on an '05 - 6MT, Diamond Graphite ext. with black int. and premium package for $31K ($500 below invoice!). Many thanks to Troncalli, and Pierre.    For prospective owners, it's important to mention that my previous car was an Integra GS-R; a fun car for sure, but a totally different class than the Infiniti. By comparison, of course the G35 seems like the greatest car ever, but it also stands out against the competition which I test drove.    The first thing that struck me about the G35 was it's aggressive, but subtle exterior. The car looks powerful, but the styling is not contrived (like the TL). Having read some reviews, I was concerned about what I'd find INSIDE the cabin. Though I prefer the instrumentation on the A4 and 325i, the G35 still strikes a nice blend of sporty and sophisticated. The orange-lit instrument panel took some getting used to, but if you use the dimmer switch it becomes more bearable. The stereo and climate control buttoms are well designed, and positioned sensibly (as opposed to my old Integra which forced me to lean forward everytime I wanted to change the station). The power window buttons could be in a better place, but I like the 1-touch up/down for all 4 windows.    There are two small glove boxes on the passenger side, and a third on the center console if you forgo the nav system (great for wallet and cell). The boxes aren't huge, but leave plenty of room for manuals and folding maps (my big Road Atlas fits fine in the map pockets on the driver and passenger seats).    The leather inside is nice, and the seats are firm and comfortable, though I would have liked more lateral support thigh and torso support for fast, curvy driving. The aluminum trim looks good (not cheap) and adds to the sense that you're in a sports car. Wood trim is also available.    Features abound with the premium package, and I've really enjoyed the 8-way power seats and tilt/telescope wheel as I work to find my ideal position before locking it into the memory seating (where's the lumbar support tohugh?). Even the back seats recline! Overall, the redesigned interior from '04 or '05 was a big upgrade.    I've heard complaints about the stereo, but the Premium pkg. gives you an upgraded Bose system. The bass is tight and powerful, though the vocals and mid tones do sometimes get lost. Still, a strong system that does justice to Johhny Cash, the White Stripes, and all bands in between.    But, of course, the best part of the car is the driving. Oh, the driving! I've driven it in the city (I live in Atlanta), the suburban hills, and a 400 mile road trip to Virginia, and it invigorates each time!    What sets this car apart is it's big V6 and RWD. No annoying turbo-lag like in the A4 or 9-3, this engine delivers power on demand. The feel and sound are amazing, and the short-throw 6MT lets you race through the gears, delivering you to 90mph and beyond in no time. For pure power, this car was by FAR the best I drove. Off the line, it's like lightning (0-60 in 5.8), and even in 6th gear at 80mph, you can still get around the Mack Trucks in no time.    Handling is execellent as well. You can slice into turns, and rocket out of them   thanks to the RWD and the smooth transmission. I will say the BMW handled better than the G35, but the superior power and price of the Infiniti will console you!    Braking is smooth and confident. As I was getting used to the new car, I went into a few turns too fast, but the G35 bailed me out.    What else to say? I love the car. Big, beautiful 18inch wheels (6MT only), large trunk with cargo net, xenon headlights, integrated fog lamps, giant sunroof . . . the car has it all, and most of it is standard!    The gas mileage is poor, the cupholders are small and the key fob looks like it belongs with a Taurus, but beyond that, I don't have many complaints.     In the first 1000 miles there was a problem with the vapor lock on the gas tank - The sales manager came by my house, picked up the car, dropped off a loaner, and had my car repaired and returned the same day! Customer service has been excellent, the sales experience was a pleasure and I can't wait to log some more miles.
Best car you availible for $30,000.    -Perfect weight distribution  -260 horse power/260 torque  -.26 coeficient of drag which is better than a Porshe 911 turbo. quite shocking but true.  -Faster than most sports cars  -has more interior space than competitor.
This car is awesome...I bought the luxury leather model with everything except the Navi. system. Let me just say the car handles beautifully and is a joy to drive, especially in the Dallas traffic. The only problem is that I cant get around all those damn cars, this car makes you want to move. I have read other reviews stating that the interior looks cheap etc.. This could not be farther from the truth, the leather is nice and soft and the interior (i got the titanium finish) is NICE. It all depends on who you are and what you want. This car is very modern and a bit futuristic, if thats what you want then this is the car for you, but if not, stay away...go look at a Lincoln or Buick. This car is for hip, modern, forward thinking individuals. See ya in my rear view!!!
I've had the car for two weeks and think it's great. I've never driven anything like this for the price.
What a rocket. This car loves to be driven fast, and gets looks everywhere I go. You really don't drive it, you put on. I had an SUV, so it took some getting used to the response. It's like it has two engines back to back, one is good to 3500rpm then the other one kicks in from 3500 to about 6500. I did not experience this on my test drive, so imagine my surprise!
This is a car which I can rate highly, and I am comparing it to a 78 and 92 Audi (which I owned) and a BMW and Acura TL-S (which I test drove). It has a driving response and road feel which compares to my 78 Audi. It is the first non German car that I feel compares very favorably to the German handling and steering standard. It brings these features at a lower cost and higher relaibility factor.  If you are younger consider the handling package if you can accept more bumps but a BMW handling. The standard suspension was best for me.  I got 25.8 mpg (on the trip computer) and 25.2 mpg (using gas receipts) on a 2500 mile trip (mostly highway but 400 in-city miles).
I bought my silver colored 2003 Infiniti G35 on July 9 after trading in my 2001 BMW 325i.    My old BMW 325i had 28,000 miles on it (see review of 3-series BMW on the webpage), and I was glad to get rid of it. The number of services I had on my BMW far exceeded that of any other car I've ever owned.    The G35 seems to be an outstanding car for the money. I bought the Premium Package (including the dual climate control, memory seats, and reclining backrests), moonroof, Xenon headlamps, trunkmat, wood trim, and leather interior. As a former car salesman, I was able to negotiate the price down to $32138 plus taxes. Frankly, I'm surprised that Discover Infiniti in Carlsbad, San Diego County, California sold me the car at such a great deal considering its 'newness'/popularity around here.    I've already been approached twice about the car when I've gone shopping, and many people have peered in the windows after I park the car. It's definitely a car that attracts good attention.    The car accelerates well, handles well, and has many of the creature comforts of the BMW including remote control window operation and memory seats.    My friends really appreciate the reclining rear seats, and we are impressed by the car's handling on the curvy roads in and around La Jolla, California. Freeway bounce (especially on I-5 South around San Diego) is more pronounced in this car than in my old BMW, but the quietness of the car structure more than makes up for this.     Overall the car is a great deal if you know what you want and are willing to trade some of the brand recognitiion (like BMW) for value (as in this Infiniti).    A word of caution about aftermarket accessories: I've noticed that dealerships selling Japanese luxury cars tend to push aftermarket accessories more than dealerships who sell German cars. Generally, if the car doesn't come with the equipment you want from the factory, it's not a good idea to add it on at the dealership. For example, solely based on cost considerations, I was offered a spoiler as an add-on feature for $595 installed. But after looking at the price of the factory option (the Aero package), the price is only $550. In addition, getting a factory installed option ensures that the option will work as advertised.
Amazing car, great value, hard to find many complaints at all about this car, it is fast, great handling, very comfortable and at least $5000 less than the less powerful, and in my opinion, over rated BMW 330.    Watch out for Alta Infiniti, their service is less than impressive, particularly when you are shelling out $40,000+, my advice would be to have a look at another dealership.
I purchased a G35 about a month ago, and it currently has 4,300 miles. (170 on the car when I picked it up) I don’t drive the car hard, and take very good care of the vehicle. After the first week, I brought the car in to have heated seats installed. This was part of the deal negotiated with the sales person. The heaters were installed, and holes were cut in the bottom of the seats, and cheap rocker switches were installed. I was told that center console switches were going to be put in place with indicator lights. This did not happen. They also left a wiring mess under the seats. About a week later I had a problem with the windshield wipers making a loud screeching noise. I brought the car in and they cleaned the wiper blades, this did not fix the problem. This past Wednesday it was the transmission! It was shifting with a loud BANG. I also noticed loud wining noises and erratic down shifting, slipping etc...     Well, I’ve just about had enough! The service manager assured me that everything would be taken care of, but it could take some time due to the availability of parts for a new model. I think at this point I’m going to ask for another car. I will be posting a follow up within a week to let everyone know how this dealership handles the situation.
Great car. When I saw it at the 2002 Autoshow I fell in love with it. It has great handling and performance. The reason I chose it was because, I used to drive a 1995 Nissan Maxima. I loved it, but my friend wanted to buy it. So I sold it with 280,000 KM. Now I bought the G35, and I would say I made a good investement. The dealership always treated me well, with my Maxima, now they treat me just as well with my G35. It performs very well, 260 HP is great. How may cars do you see with a V6 that has this many power. It has more power than some cars with V8. Anyways, I already put 7,000 KM and I know I will put alot more. But I'm confident that I will not have any problems at all. If anyone want's a quality product buy this car. I also like the way they styled the car. I find it that it is very different than most cars out. It has a very sporty feeling. However I would not use this car as a family car.
Amazing car! The car just wants to go.... smooth in all areas. Nice style, nice size, awesome 260 hp engine. Handles incredibly well. Well worth the money. Amazing comfort and ergonomically designed. If you're thinking of buying it, do it!
Combine 260 horsepower, 260 lb. ft. of torque, great handling, superb braking, and unique styling. This gives you a great performance vehicle.    Combine tons of safety features, lots and lots of passenger and cargo room, quiet highway cruising, and four doors. This gives you a great family vehicle.    Combine the above two cars, with a sticker that starts under $30K with leather, and you've got the Infiniti G35. Okay okay okay, so I sound like a commercial. I test drove a LOT of cars before finally deciding on the G35, and I've not regretted it. With all that this car is, the choice for me was clear.
A fantastic car that splits the size difference between the BMW 330i and Lexus GS300 nicely, while offering performace superior to either, at a lower price. Mine is a luxury leather edition with the sunroof and trunk mat.
great car for the price. the 330i does give you a better sportier feel. the 330 makes you want to drive it faster. the g35 isnt that far off, it is faster, and considerably cheaper. its a well built car as well. as smooth as an is300, and 1 sec faster.
Best combination of what most drivers want. Superior performance and handling in a car that is safe and fun to drive long distances. Best car I have ever owned.
One of the best handling sedans on the road. This car is pure driving pleasure. It just wants to Go ooooo. A very well rounded package at a reasonable price.
Very well thought-out package at a reasonable price.
IMO, A Huge bang for the buck. I come from owning European {German & Swedish} vehicles for the last 20 years and so far this ride is a nice one.
I love it, I've been a diehard V8 guy, so this is my first 6 cylinder. It cruises at 100mph VERY smoothly, turns heads everywhere.. and the quality is top notch!
I cannot say enough about how pleased I am with my G35. I almost erred, and purchased the automatic version.   Thank G-d I didn't. The manual is heavenly. I tend to be picky about the little things. I would do it all over again. I truly love my car.    I have found that many reviews complain about the radio and heat/ac controls locations, as well as the seat adjustment controls. Once you start to drive the car all makes perfect sense. With your hand resting on the stick point your finger straight ahead. It points to the power button for the radio, just as it should. The seat controls could NOT be in a smarter location. No more sticking your hand between the seat and door.    My only regret is that the AWD version was not out when I bought my car.    Looking to buy? Call either Ken Jones at Nationwide in Maryland or Alex Wickham at Winner in Delaware. Both great to work with. I bought the car from one, the warranty from the other. I trusted both of them. I did not feel the same about others I worked with while shopping for my car.
If you like power, looks and a low price, this is your car. It seems that everywhere I go I have someone ask me about my G35, mine is Silver w/charcoal interior, very sharp!! The torque of the engine is amazing, though at higher speeds, 50mph and over, it doesn't have that additional push that one might hope for, but from a stand still, watch out. The jury is still out on the handling, in dry weather its unreal, but in the rain and especially when there's snow it seems very hard to get traction. In fact, I'm looking to get better tires on the rear wheels for the rest of winter. But, for the price, just over 30k, how can you beat it.
Love the car, but it has problems PAINT!!! (Red in paticular) 
Lot's of problems. Keys stopped functioning so i changed them 3 times in 1.5 years. Suspension problems also appeared in the first 6 months of use and only in 3000 km. Note that i was very careful with the car. It had never gone over a bump and I had never run on a bad road. Also when i accelerate i lose instantly control because the car goes left or right without turning the wheel. If the car is on freeway and finds a road hump it feels like you are in a boat. I bought a new car that from the first months I am fixing it. It may be free because it’s under warranty but if I wanted a fixed car I was going to buy a used one a lot cheaper and not a new one at that high price. The reseller is refusing to give me a new one. If i had bought a Japanese car probably I‘d never had so many problems.
First of all the 25,000 price refers to Bitish Pounds Sterling. I've had the car from brand new for just over a week and I'm delighted. I've reached that stage in my life when I wanted something really speial....and I hope this is it! We keep our cars a long time here in the UK and I'm expecting this car to last me at least 10years which shouldn't be too much to expect - so I'm expecting reliability please, Mr Jaguar. We pay a fortune for our car fuel in the UK so miles per gallon is important. Hence going for the turbo-charged 2.2 litre diesel with manual transmission and 6-speed gearbox. The manufacturer's claims are up tp 60mpg on extended urban cycle......hmmmmm.....we'll see about that because that seems toogood to be true. Anyway, seven days and just over 200 miles under my belt the fuel guage has hardly moved, might have to tap it to se if it's stuck. Maybe the claims of 600 miles on a full tank are right after all! A diesel car? All my friends tried to talk me out of it. 'They are more expensive that the petrol equivalent.' Wrong. This one was 1,000 pounds cheaper. 'They are noisy and smelly.' Wrong. OK, after cold start the engine sounds a little agricultural but after 30 seconds or so it's as quiet as any petrol equivalent. And it don't smell - except for that delicious new leather smell that comes with a new car and hopefully will never fail. On the road it flies. After picking the car up from new I had it up to 70mph on the M1 motorway between Derby and Nottingham. In 6th gear the engine was just ticking over at 2,000 revs and so quiet. At this point I wondered what would happen if I put my foot right down on the gas from 2000rpm in top gear. Yes, it accelerated alright. Amazing how flexible that engine has been at all speeds in all gears and seems to be very forgiving if you don't have the most appropriate of the six gears selected. Another diesel engine myth exploded. The chassis and diesel engine is straight off a Ford Mondeo which has had the hardened Jaguar enthusiasts crying in their gin and tonics over the years. Well, is that a bad thing? Us humans share 97 percent of our DNA with chimpanzees, but we aint chimpanzees! And this car aint a Mondeo either. Ok, some of the switchgear seems to have come out of a Ford parts bin at the factory, which is a shame, but the car is a Jag. It looks and feels the part and people look at Jag drivers differently than they would at Mondeo drivers. I love the looks- - the rear view is probably more stylish than the front, which is a bit like a scaled down XK. Some say that the car is trying to look like something that it really isn't.  The touch screen is superb, if a little tricky to master. The sat-nav is OK as built-in units go. Storing locations is all back to front as you have to select 'add to store' before you find th location instead of the more logical process of first finding the destination and storing it. It has also come up with some rather strange routes, seemingly ignoring the more logical way from A to B. I chose the standard Alpine audio system over the premier upgrade. Still, it sounds pretty good. The great British summer is with us so the automatic windscreen wipers and auto headlamps work fine. Can't wait to get it dirty so I can enjoy seeing all my neighbours down the road watching me washing it at the weekend.
Fell in love with the looks, plus wanted AWD for our winters here in Toronto,Canada. I did not realise how safe they were until I researched it. Relly, really pleased with it, drives nice and feel good in it. I owned a BMW 325i before and that may be a bit of a better driving car but nowhere near as luxurious. I will bee sticking with X-Types as long as Jaguar keep makeing them.
After reading reviews on this Website, I bought a 3.0 liter with automatic transmission. The car has just turned 9,000 miles and I am well satisfied with it. The ride and handling are superb. The engine has adequate power, and I especially like the ease of downshifting using the 'J' shifter. This is a very solid car, and the fit and finish are excellent. Mileage on the Interstate exceeds 26 mpg. The trunk is huge for this size car, and can accomodate 4 sets of golf clubs. The fingertip climate control system is easy to operate and very efficient. The stereo system is also very good. The appearance is impressive, and if you want an affordable Jag, this is the car for you.    I've had this car back to the Rahal dealership twice for service, and couldn't have been treated better.     The only problems I've had are a slight whining noise around 60-70 mph, and also what I thought might have been bearing noise.    The dealer installed a liner (noise blanket) somewhere under the car which pretty much took care of the whine. The   wheel bearings checked OK, so they did a   wheel realignment in an attempt to reduce the noise, but it didn't help much. The road noise, I believe, is excessive. Maybe it's the tires.    The other problem was rust below the chrome strip on the trunk. According to the dealer, this strip was installed on the X type cars without a rubber strip between the chrome strip and the trunk, so the chrome digs into the paint on the trunk.      If you own an X type, it would be good idea to check this out, and have it corrected, if necessary.
This is my 2nd X type, having now upgraded from a manual 2.0 to a 2.5 Auto. Having always had an affinity for the marque the X type has the looks and preformance at an affordable price. The interior and ride quality are all I expected from a jaguar.  The build quality and reliability is faultless and I expect to remain an X type driver for many years
I have been interested in the X Type ever since I laid my eyes on it a couple of years ago. After poring over all of the written information and internet reveiws, I was a bit nervous about considering this car. After much research, I felt that Jaguar had corrected many of the problems from previous years even down to the much-requested 2 cupholders. I bought my 2004 X Type, and there only one problem with it....it's much too fun to drive!     For those of you who have read a number of negative reviews, I suggest you carefully look at the car yourself. You really can't tell much in a test drive. It is so much different 'out in the wild.' This is without a doubt the best car we have owned.    If you get one, you'll need to get used to people staring at you. You won't have to worry that you'll be snickered at because 'it's not a real Jag.' It is. And, you will notice that you're pretty much alone out there in a Jaguar unlike all of the Audi, BMW and Lexus owners who see their cars on every corner. We have taken several long distance trips in Florida and maybe saw one or two Jags all day on each trip.    In my opinion, the only thing Ford and Jaguar have in common is that both manufacturers' names have the letter R in them. After having driven Fords for 20 years, I think I am qualified enough to tell you that this ain't no Ford - not even close.
At 5,000 miles the transmission had to be replaced. This is not a recall but very common in late 02 early 03 models. I would like to see a little more power. I couldn't justify $4,000 for 3.0 with a 1 second less 0to60. Everything else is perfect. Good mileage 27+. A real head turner in Topaz and Sand. Dealer couldn't be any better, service completed when promised and a waiting room that rivals some hotel lobbies, or just take the loaner car. Will be looking to keep this as second car and buying a S-type V8.
I've had my new x-type for about a month now and so far it has been everything i've expectced. The style captures the attention of many with its graceful and classic jaguar lines. Interior is top-notch as leather and real wood surrounds you. Much more elegant than its competition in this category. Fit and finish is excellent. The wood steering wheel is a must get option. Ergonomics are well thought out. Acclearation so far meets expectations. The automatic transmission is smooth and the cabin is very quiet. Suspension handles bumps well and corners like its on rails with the AWD. Braking is solid. So far I've been impressed with the Jaguar experience.
(prices in sterling)           I was fortunate enough to find pre registered model, brand new but saved 5000 on list price so i was happy before i even got in it!, great looks. sport suspension is far better than standard   its got more grip than i know what to do with! having driven with standard wich i find much too soft.  there are only 100 indianapolis models i am told, different alloys, grille, xenon lamps, steering wheel, leather/suede sport seats and black wood dash, (totally black car) otherwise a lot like the sport model. my first auto transmission and living in london i love it. great in town, better on motorways (did 150 miles yesterday) lots of pick up at almost all speeds. only 1035 miles to date, allready in love.
Very nice car, drive perfectly. Recommand to buy.
First update since last review. 2800 miles...So far this car has performed perfectly. I really love this car. It rides beautifully, and the interior is rattle free and extremely quiet.Gas mileage is around 24 mpg with a combination of city and hiway driving. Should do better on a long trip though. The leather seats are very comfortable, sound system is ok and the heated seats are a plus. Even with the smaller v6 it stills has plenty of power. Did I mention the all wheel drive is fantastic in the snow. Here in the northeast with record setting snowfalls, I purchased this car just in time. Also I would highly recomend the dealer... Reedman Auto in Langhorne, Pa. I will post again after I have racked up more mileage.
Was kind of nervous about buying this vehicle after reading some bad reviews from buyers on the internet. So far I haven't a bad word to say about this car. The ride in this car is really nice. It handles flawlessly in turns and has plenty of power even with the smaller 2.5 v6. The interior works real well, the leather seats are perfect,visability looking out the widows is great and the overall luxury look of the interior is impressive. The am fm with indash 1 CD player is just fine. The car does turn a few heads when driving around. Canin quiteness is very impressive. The Black Ebony paint and fit and finish is excellent. So far no comlaints at all. Will update this report (mileage,mechanical) very soon.
I have a 03 X-type. In 35 days, the car has been in the shop 4 times! From the wipers, prop shaft, differential, engine case, vents, suspension, it has been nothing short of a nightmare.
This new 2003 Jaguar X-type is the best luxury sedan on the market today. The V6 engine has 231 horspower, xenon headlights, park sensors. and many more great qualities.
I have owned this car for over 2 years with no real issues. I purchased the car with 22k miles on it and it now has 51k the only complaints I can speak of are: One that the power sunroof will not close on its own. When the roof is fully retracted and the button is pushed it will start to close then it will suddenly start retracting to the open position again. Not yet fixed :(   The second issue is the A/C on 2 occasions just stopped working. I had this issue once on a muggy 12hr ride down to North Carolina in 8-12-08 it worked for about 6 hours then didnt work for 5 and since then it has worked fine up until yesterday which was muggy also. I Haven't tried it today so not sure if it (Fixed it self again).
I bought my Jag when she was about 1 year old with 30,000 miles on it. Have had nothing but problems. 2 months after purchase the doors would only open half the time. The locks seem to be at fault. The interior door panel broke on the drivers side so I thought that was the initial problem but then it started doing the same thing on the passenger side. My sun roof will act up from time to time. and all of my windows the same. They seem to think they are hitting something on the way up so they just go back down again. On day my engine fault light came on and shut the whole car down. After a $2300.00 at jag the cad. converter was fixed. It will still fault out from time to time and I have to stop and restart it for it to go anywhere again. I will agree with a lot of you about the stock tires, they are junk. Lots of road noise and even after being aligned and rotated still have a vibration to them. The defrost vents in the front widows will not stay put they keep popping out. even after buying the 'newer improved' ones form Jag they still do the same thing. Lastly the navigation screen went haywire on me; and since everything is controlled by the screen nothing works (radio, nav., temp control) and it is stuck on auto temp at 80 degrees. I have 80,000 miles on this thing and a brick taped to the pedal, and big cliff sound real nice right about now!
I had searched around for a used XK8 for a few months when a dealer finally suggested I take an X-Type for a spin... the rest was history.   After driving the 3.0 auto and the 2.5 manual, I decided the get-up-and-go of the 2.5 was both sportier and gave me a more enjoyable ride. If you search long enough, you can find a 3.0 manual- but these are rare since the automatic comes standard on the 3.0 (i.e., you don't save money by going with the manual).    Besides the styling, ride, airbags, trunk space, Leaper on the hood, and the price ($20k for a car with 13k is a bargain)- the warranty was the clincher. When you purchase a certified used X-Type, you receive a 6 year 100k bumper to bumper warranty from the original purchase date. In effect, I had a 87k/4.5 year warranty (which includes free oil changes up to 50k).    I've had my X since Feb '05 and have lived in Tampa and Dallas with it. Its the first AWD car I've owned, and I have yet to break the traction (well, except for the ice storm we had in November).     I have the 'standard' Jaguar (not the sport model), but the handling is superior to any car I've ever owned. If I ever do get myself into trouble in a corner, its nice to know the entire inside of the car turns into a wrap-around airbag. My wife and two kids ride comfortably even on long trips, and I've gotten 23mpg with mainly stop and go traffic (gets about 28 on the highway).    Jaguar service in two states has been outstanding (punctured a tire and had a vent replaced- other than that, not a single problem).    The only 'downer' would be the fact that the integrated telephone controls only work on a Motorola that you can only purchase through Jaguar (I don't think they even sell the phone anymore). For 2003 on up, you can have Bluetooth installed which will integrate with some cells. The radio controls (and especially the auto-climate controls) are just great.    Anyway, I trade cars fairly often and after a year with this car I haven't had the slightest itch. My next car will defintely be the XK8- but I'm guessing I'll drive this car for at least 3 years (which is an eternity for me).    Finally, you rarely see X-Types on the road. My office parking lot has at least 10 BMW 3 series, only 2 Jaguars.
I bought the Quartz-colored 2003 X-Type 2.5 with around 43,000 miles as a Jaguar 'Certified' Used car. It's impossible to tell it's not a new car. There is nothing in the price range of under $20,000 that compares to it in terms of class and style. As other reviewers have noted, it stills smells new inside even though it's over 3 years old. It's reasonably economical and the all weather capability with its AWD makes it the perfect vehicle for the car nuts among us who have felt we need two vehicles; one that's capable in adverse weather conditions, and another that gives us the driving satisfaction a sports car provides. The Jaguar X-Type has that delightful rear wheel drive sports car 'feel' and will still pull itself out of deep snow. When I testdrove it with a buddy of mine, his comment was 'Why couldn't General Motors figure out how to make something like this?'
Absolutely loved this car. People definitely notice this car - as a driver in his mid-30's - people definitely wonder what I'm doing driving a JAG. Here is the big plus that rarely gets mentioned: the safety features are awesome. My wife had the unfortunate luck to get sideswiped into a large stoplight pole at 45mph. The 3 airbags (the front, side and side curtains) probably saved her life. In the hospital, she insisted that we replace it with an identical car. We did.
'What a gorgeous car!' Get used to comments like that if you choose to purchase a Jaguar X-Type. This car deserves a pat on the back, and if you think you deserve a pat on the back, then owning an X-Type is your reward.  The Jaguar X-Type that I own is a 2002, 2.5 liter Sport Edition. The car has leather/heated/power seats, power windows and locks, power sunroof that tips up or slides back completely, power mirrors, All Wheel Drive, Diagnostic Slip Control, Sport Shifting (I just use the automatic transmission), folding rear seats and reverse sensors in the rear bumper. Jaguar certainly knows how to spoil a driver! I have owned my X-Type for 7 months.   I read a lot of reviews before purchasing this car. Owner reviews were important to me in making my final decision. Professional car reviews tended to focus on issues that are foreign to most real buyers, so I certainly hope that this review will aid in your purchase decision.  With that said, let's talk about the X-Type.  PERFORMANCE-The X-Type comes with two engine choices; the 2.5 liter V-6 and the 3.0 liter V-6. I test drove cars with both engines, and will tell you that the 3.0 has more punch. However, the 2.5 liter engine delivers a knock-out punch of its own. It's like comparing the punches of Mike Tyson (The 3.0 liter) and Sugar Ray Leonard (the 2.5 liter): Tyson may be bigger, but Sugar Ray will still knock you into next week all the same. The engine in my X-Type is the 2.5 liter and I can attest to the following attributes: I've gotten 29-32 miles per gallon on the freeway & usually 22 mpg in the city. I find that extremely nice with a V-6. Passing power and acceleration are impressive. Handling with the AWD is fantastic. Body roll in tight curves is minimal and you feel like you're in a sports car instead of a sedan....thus the reason the X-Type is a true sports sedan! Don't let this go to your head. You may feel invincible behind the wheel, but everyone is subject to accidents, and you wouldn't want to put a dent into a beautiful machine like this. Over-all, when it comes to performance, it's not the size of the dog in the fight, but the size of the fight in the dog. The X-Type embodies that phrase.  EXTERIOR STYLING-The knock on the X-Type has been that it has the outline of a Ford Taurus. Park a Jaguar next to a Taurus or Mercury Sable and you will see a similarity. However, who only looks at the outline? The curves of the X-Type are purely Jaguar. My favorite angle is from the front. The hood has wonderful curves that form right into the headlamps. The lines of the car from front to back are bold and form into a trunk and tail that has the signature Jaguar tail lights. The over-all look of an X-Type is quite similar to its larger family members like the S-Type. You know that this car is a Jag when it drives by. When my cousin, Ben, first saw my car, he said, 'Boy, that car's got attitude.' I think he hit the nail on the head.  INTERIOR APPOINTMENTS-The X-Type wraps you in leather and sophistication. It feels, looks, and smells like a luxury car. I bought mine pre-owned and it still smelled new. (It's the leather in my opinion.) The gauges are easy to read and all of the stereo and Climate Control buttons are easy to reach. Buttons for cruise control, radio volume, etc. are in the steering wheel as well. The cockpit is laid out nicely and looks great. I've gotten more compliments on the interior than I have on the exterior of this car! The one 'neat' thing that I like about the interior is that there is a nightlight that illuminates the interior when it's dark outside. The light is in the control panel for the sunroof. The control panel is on the ceiling just infront of the sunroof. The nightlight bathes the front seats in a soft yellow illumination that allows you to see everything you need, but is not distracting in the least. That's just plain 'neat.'   THE FEEL-Driving a Jaguar is a wonderful feeling. I can't say enough about this. This is why: I drove a 1988 Ford Escort from the time I was 16 until I was 26. I then bought a 1998 Plymouth Neon and drove that for 3 years. Both cars were great on gas, which has always been a concern of mine. I loved both of those cars, especially my first car. The Jag is definitely a step up, in performance and in feel. I've worked hard to get through college and to get into the first decade of my career. I felt like I should spoil myself with a car at some point, and I've finally done it with the X-Type. But, I've never lost sight of the value of a dollar! I bought my X-Type off lease. In the two years it was leased by the previous owner, the car depreciated 46%. New, my car would have cost (tax and title) $39,000. I bought it for $21,400 with 32,000 miles. I have friends who have spent over $21,000 for brand new cars that are ordinary in design and reputation. A brand new car is only brand new for a short time, but a Jag is a Jag forever.
My son gave me a 2002 X Series for Mother's Day and I am having problems with the electric system, the battery light stayed on for months, I was told it was the aLternator found out it wasn't the alternator. I tried to take it to the dealer they couldn't get to it for two weeks. I took it to another dealer that works on foreign cars, he was able to fix the battery light. Five days later the Gear Vault Box light and the amber engine light come on, I am still trying to find out the problem, I am about ready to trade it in.
Bought my Jaguar January 2006. Thought I was getting a great deal. Car had about 23,000 miles seemed in good condition. Had a mechanic look it over and everything. First a tire totally worn on the inside, needed all new tires. Thought not so bad. Then 4 months later the driver door would not unlock, that cost another $400.00. Now one year and one month and only 30,000 miles on the car the whole transmission is dead. Since I am 11 months out of the factory warranty and didn't think I owuld need an extended warranty I am being asked to pay $5200 for repairs. Jag corp won't stand behind their cars!! Based on everything I've been reading this is an on going problem with these cars. DON'T BUY!! Oh yeah the whole radio needed replacing just after I brought the car home.
Bought car wiTH 49000 miles on it ten month ago performed and looked great all the sudden gear box fault displayed tranny sliped real bad.Dealer said car needs new tranny and cooler.I am having that done as we speak.Dealer says jag will warranty new parts for a year.I liked the car enough to go forword with this $7000 repair.has any one had a new tranny put in and gotten good trouble free miles out of an x type or when i get it back should i trade for a dependable japanese built car like lexus.Oh yeh dealer also saya drive shaft bad.and need differential flush.car now has 63000 miles on it.should i abort this vehical yyes or no
Nice 'affordable' 'baby Jag'. Fun car to drive. All wheel drive gives very balanced handling. Interior is nice. The 3.0 engine gives it a little more 'get up and go'.
Very happy w/Baby Jag so far. The interior is more luxurious than BMW 3 series. 2.5 liter w/manual is fun to drive. All wheel drive is awesome in rain. If you're looking for a car of which there aren't a million others on the road, this is the one. Everyone thinks car is much more expensive than sticker price.
I waited at least 6 months to drive this vehicle before submitting a review. So far, I love this vehicle and could not be more happy with it.. My wife is having twins so a four door vehicle with AWD is necessary since I am not an SUV fan. The All Wheel Drive is great, I looked at BMW's, Mercedes, etc, they are all nice cars but are a pain in the winter with rear wheel drive. The AWD is a real bonus and handles great. This vehicle gets excellent gas mileage, 28-32 mpg. I drove the 3.0 and the 2.5 and to be honest, there was not much power difference to justify spending an extra $4,000 to $5000 more. The 2.5 has a reasonable acceleration from 0-60 but the real fun takes place on the highway. I have personally driven this car at over 140 mph,(that's stock, no aftermarket products) the car is smooth and handles great at these speeds. The xenon lights are a must have. A really fun car to drive at night. This is the first time I have ever driven behind Xenon's and I will always pay the extra money to have the option of Xenon's in the future. The visibility in this car is perfect. Everything can be seen from the side and rear view mirrors with ease. The five speed is fun to drive, the gear ratios have such a wide range that you don't have to shift constantly if you don't want to. The stereo/cd sounds great. The car has lots of leg room, I'm 6' tall and have plenty of leg room. If you are over 6'3 you might want to see if this vehicle works for you. Backseat and trunk space is huge. The ride is smooth, don't even feel a bump in the road. Automatic wipers are great, as soon as a raindrop falls the wipers come on and stay off when the rain stops. Seats are comfortable, the wife loves them too. I have had zero problems with this car. Jag pays for all of my oil changes every 10,000 miles until 50,000 miles. The car gets alot of looks and I like the fact that there aren't a million of them on the road. I did read a bad review of the X-type but I believe the only reason the poor review was given was because some people who give reviews want Jag's to be over $50-60k, they don't like the fact that Jag produced a great car for under $40K and an average person can actually own one. These people think a great car must cost over $70k in order to be a great car. I'm 32 years old, moving up in the world , I'm making good money but I have college loans, kids on the way, house payments etc. Maybe in five years I'll buy a $65-$80k car but for now I want my cake and eat it too, if Jag can provide a car like this for people like me than more power to them. With this car I have my cake and eat it too. I would buy this car again, I am very happy with it..
Was looking for a different car. A million BMW's and Mercedes make it boring. Found X-Type 3.0 and love it. Have had it about a year and let me say it will turn heads. Black exterior/interior with real wood is smooth. Had a recall on transmission for some reason, gave me another Jag X-Type to drive while they had mine. Did not feel the same. Technician said the computer actually learns your driving pattern and adjust accordingly. Love this car.
After 22 months and 36,000 miles, I think I know my Jag pretty well. It's not a perfect car, but has a unique combination of features that no other car can match at the price. The styling has grown on me. The paint is perfect and the interior is clearly best in class. No other car at the price offers such unique style and standard wood dash and leather seats. In the 325i or the A-4, leather and wood costs about $3000 extra.    The chassis is probably the best feature of the car. It handles great in the dry, and even better as the conditions get worse. In the rain, it will run circles around a BMW. I plan on replacing the tires and shocks with higher performance items as they wear out, and then the handling should be perfect.    The manual transmission is actually pretty good, and once the shifter breaks in, it shifts well. The clutch, however, is very dead feeling, and it takes concentration to shift it fast and smoothly. Jaguar needs to fix this.    The engine is very good in my opinion, but maybe not as refined at the BMW. Due to the all wheel drive and the weight of the car, it's not quite as fast as a 325i, but the difference is minimal, especially above 60 MPH. It doesn't have abundant torque, meaning that you need to have it in the right gear if you are in a hurry.    Overall, I'm happy with my choice. It stands out in the sea of BMWs and Lexis' in my neighborhood, and is great fun to drive. I get 22-23 MPG in overall driving, and have had zero trouble with the car. I think that some of the lukewarm (or worse) reviews of the car are because people either compare it to a $70,000 Jag, or load it up with $15,000 worth of options and then complain about the price. I wouldn't pay $45,000 for a Jag X-type, but for $31,000 it's the best value out there.
Reluctantly bought this car after my wife fell in love with it. Turns out it is a great car and a good value. The car was purchased with 20k miles, and has the Premium Package w/folding rear seats, sunroof, heated leather, 5-speed auto.  Although I was skeptical about the 2.5L, it has excellent power. The car is very fast and requires attention so as not to exceed speed limits. Handling, in a word, is exceptional, as is braking.  Gas mileage is about 28-29 on the highway with four passengers and a full load of luggage. City is about 21 mpg.  Fit and finish is flawless.  It also has, by far, the best auto climate control I have ever used. The defogger is so powerful it will dry your hair in the front seats!  The only minor problem so far was a sticky driver door lock mechanism that was replaced under warranty.  Service at Rahal Jaguar has been flawless and very friendly.  Although I have driven Fords for many years, the Jaguar is not really a Ford. It has many Ford-like qualities I appreciate - quietness, good suspension, good breaking and handling, etc., but in the end, it has the elegance, performance, and feel of a Jaguar.
I've wanted to own this automobile since it first came out for the 2002 model year but was turned back by the price after adding on the desired options. After doing some research and comparison in February 2004 with rivals 330xi and Audi A4 Quattro, I decided to take the plunge into the Jag world. I felt that after taking the sum of all the factors, especially the price, the X-Type came out at the top. Pricewise, I was fortunate enough to qualify for the Ford Business Partner program whise pricing puts me at invoice plus 4%. Coincidentally, Jaguar was offering a manufacturer-to-dealer incentive of $3,250 (which was passed on to me) during the time I was looking. This resulted in my acquisition of a 2004 X-Type 3.0 Automatic with the Sport and Premium Packages, Heated Seats, and Reverse Park Aid for $33,144. (The BMW equivalent was almost $10k more). I love the 18' with Pirelli PZero Nero high-performance wheels. At first I didn't think I would need the Reverse Park Aid but now I enjoy having this due to my crowded garage. I haven't had the need to use the heated seats yet.
I like many people loved the look and performance of the 2002 and 2003 X-type but was turned off by the price of the 3.0 version. When I saw the decrease in price for '04 I jumed at the opportunity to own one. The performance of the 3.0 V-6 is great (and it sounds awesome) and the all wheel drive not only gives you piece of mind but it sure makes driving fun. Not to mention the stately interior which I found no other car to match that we looked at (MB, BMW, Infiniti, Volvo etc.)
Purchased 2004 Xtype in January 2005, with 800 miles. The looks of the car are GREAT but that is about IT. Had trouble from about 3,000 miles and Jaguar did NOTHING....rust on the trunk where the trim is.....had it repainted TWICE but the trim will still rub against the paint which means it will still rust. Also had the whining noise but at any speed. They said I needed new tires at around 8K.... also had the drive shaft replaced which did NOTHING to the whining noise..Found out later that the conti tires may have been the problem. A close family member who deals with the conti tires say there are problems with them. Also in the winter the radio lights would flicker. I finally had ENOUGH and traded it.
Was intrigued by this car ever since it cam out, but was hesitant to buy one because of reliability issues. Took the plunge anyhow, and so far, am very pleased with the car. The handling and ride are first class, in true Jaguar tradition. The last car I drove was an Audi A4 and the Jag blows it away in terms of ride quality. The other concern I had was that the 2.5 engine would be too weak. I have not founbd this to be the case, as the car is plenty fast for everyday driving and the fuel economy is excellent as well. Fit and finish is excellent, and the interior styling is also true Jaguar. In short, the X-Type is an excellent and undervalued car.
My wife and I researched cars quite a bit before buying this Jaguar. The general comments from the snobbish reviewers were disappointing. But we ignored them and gave it a test drive. The moment I was behind the wheel and on the road, my decision was made. Don't listen to the snobbish reviewers!    We bought this car fully loaded - luxury package, with both front seats heated, rear parking sensor, etc. Everything works as advertised.    The main point I want to make concerns the snobbish reviewers who keep comparing it to that itsy bitsy little BMW hatchback 300 series. Oh, its not a hatchback? Sorry, easy mistake to make. I see these 300 series cars on every corner. They are SO tiny! Where do these snobbish reviewers get off saying the Jaguar X-Type has a similar or same amount of room?! Crazy. Let's put it this way - you could easily fit a family of four in a Jaguar X-Type. In a 300 Series? Yeah, maybe, for like a 10 minute drive to the store, before the kids start pulling each other's hair out.    Ok, size not an issue? Let's talk NHTSA crash test results. The X-Type comes with every airbag known to man. You got curtains, side doors, passenger side, etc. BMW? Don't think so. Jaguar X-Type scored 4 stars in every category. BMW? Nope. As a matter of fact, the 300 series had serious safety concerns noted for one of the categories. You going to trust your loved ones in that tiny danger box? Not me.    Ok, let's talk price. Here's another one the snobbish reviewers get 100% completely wrong. Just pull up the stats on the web and see for yourself. I did it just a few minutes ago. I added up all the ameneties we have on our fully-loaded Jaguar and guess what - the BMW is thousands, THOUSANDS more expensive! PLUS, it doesn't come with AWD!     Let's talk AWD. I've never had an AWD vehicle before. But, living in a mountain state, I figure it will come in handy. BMW? Not even an option from what I could see. The Jag has a death grip on the pavement. I am truly amazed at how the car feels with that immense grip. Its a truly conforting feel on those sleety days when you're on the freeway trying to pass a double-decker semi-trailer doing 75 mph. Let's face it, the truck driver probably won't even see your tiny BMW 300 series.    Sorry for the rant, but as you can tell, I am fed up with the reviewers. Its just like movies - most reviewers have their own little pet peeves and favorites and they aren't anything like us. The snobs point out the little plastic parts in the Jaguar cupholders, etc. Who cares? It holds the cup, right? It doesn't determine whether I have a good day or bad day, whether I swerve and end up in a ditch turned around 180 degrees, whether I can fit ALL of my parents' luggage in the trunk when we pick them up from the airport. . . They cry about how WONDERFUL the BMW 300 series handles compared to the Jaguar. Who are these people? Its like apples and oranges! AWD v. rear wheel drive? Tiny hatchback v. sedan? I'm no car expert, but these seem like some pretty BIG differences to me. If you read the reviews closely, you will see they all say the X-Type handles very well and the AWD is gripping (sorry for the pun).    In summary, forget the hype. Get a real car, not what everyone and their brother has. If you drive a BMW 300 series, I'm sorry you bought into the hype. Trade it in for an X-Type and start living life a little. Buy a Jaguar for its style, for its statement. It exudes success and refinement. What does the BMW 300 series exude? You're just like all the rest? The X-Type is perfect for 20-somethings or 30-somethings buying their first luxury car. Our next car will also be chosen from the same parking lot this one came from, just maybe a size or two bigger.
A car means something more than a car with 4 wheels. it expresses its owner's taste, value-orientation and even social class and status. Jaguar S-type is so eye-catching and British-feel, luxurious and elegant, but can reach 100km within 7.6 seconds, and it gives the owner everything he/she pursues. having a Jaguar S-type, what do u still need? nothing! cos u have got everything. why do u still comparing BMW530 or Audi A6 or M-Benz E280? just go for Jaguar!!
Love the look and feel.Delaer generally good.
I believe when you're buying this car you buy it for looks and not reliability.  While it's never left me on the side of the road, it has had 2 fuel pumps go bad, the front light turn signal socket has been replaced, the vacuum hose developed a leak, the water reservoir has had to be replaced and the oil pan gasket has developed a leak also.  The service department at another dealership tells me now that the disc stability control might need work and that's another $815.  This is the third high-end luxury car I've purchased and I've been least pleased with. It's a good thing the car is paid for because I tend to spend several hundred dollars on one repair or another every 2 or 3 months.
I bought the 2003 S-type 3.0 because I always wanted a Jag and the S-Type was a throw back to the beautiful Mark IVs I first admired as a kid. I have had the car over 3 years and have not been disappointed. No significant problems despite buying the car with 19K miles on it. The car always looks great - purring down the highway or just standing in the garage. It's interesting to watch other people react to it in a parking lot. It gets attention with it's muscular stance and quiet, refined elegance.
I bought this car because, it's absolutely beautiful inside and out and because someone else took a lot of the depreciation. It corners like the cat that it is and even with the V-6, it is quick as I'll ever need. (My drag racing days are a nice memory, but in the past.) This is a piece of designer art that you proudly drive and accept the accolades for your good taste when it turns so many heads. I've heard stories of mechanical problems , mostly on the pre-2003 models, a long time ago, it used to be the electrics on the Jags that were annoying. But, I believe that Jaguar/Ford has been listening to owners and Ford wants this car to be a success story. So in 2003, many improvements and fixes were made. I would recommend this year or newer if you're in the market for a pre-owned Jaguar. But, of course, with repairs on this or any other fine car being what they are, get the best warranty you can so you can have peace of mind while you enjoy this fabulous car.  This is the most bang for your luxury car dollar and does the British proud in my opinion. So far, 700 trouble free miles, and I know it is too soon to access, but I'm going to do everything right as to my responsibilities for maintainence and then there's the warranty if I need it.  Right now though, I am back to a feeling of LOVIN' my car that I've haven't had since I was a young man. It truly is technological and design art made just for you, it's deserving owner.
While driving my JAGUAR on a busy highway, the vehicle completely BROKE DOWN. While attempting to stir the car to the side, without proper power steering, the following error was displayed on the dashboard: Engine Fault, Park Brake Fault, DSC no available  Now my JAGUAR is on its 6th visit to the JAGUAR.
This is my second Jaguar. My first was the 2000 S-Type. The 2000 was a horrible vehicle. It vibrated at any speed over 40 MPH and the windows and other electrical controls were constantly in need of repair. It was in the shop ALL the time (at least once every month) and the dealership gave me a Taurus to drive, not great when you're making payments on a Jag.    I must say, I went for the 2003 because of the low interest rates and because I heard there were so many improvements made. I must agree. The 2003 is a dream with improved leather, no vibration, no electrical problems, a slightly smoother and more elegant line!    I am thrilled with my 2003. If you bought an earlier model and were dissatisfied, don't count Jaguar out yet...they have made significant improvements to this car. It is smooth, smooth, smooooth!
This is my second Jaguar. My first was the 2000 S-Type. The 2000 was a horrible vehicle. It vibrated at any speed over 40 MPH and the windows and other electrical controls were constantly in need of repair. It was in the shop ALL the time (at least once every month) and the dealership gave me a Taurus to drive, not great when you're making payments on a Jag.    I must say, I went for the 2003 because of the low interest rates and because I heard there were so many improvements made. I must agree. The 2003 is a dream with improved leather, no vibration, no electrical problems, a slightly smoother and more elegant line!    I am thrilled with my 2003. If you bought an earlier model and were dissatisfied, don't count Jaguar out yet...they have made significant improvements to this car. It is smooth, smooth, smooooth!
We are extremely diappointed with this car. We have had BMW's in the past and made a change this year to try the new 300hp S-Type V8 Sport Jaguar. We have had the car for 5 months. So far it has been in the shop four times. That's almost once a month. The first trip was for something that seems to be very consistent in the reviews I've read about the steering wheel shaking at interstate speed and the excessive wheel noise. You would expect more from a car like this wouldn't you? The next three visits have been from a transmission problem that literally scares you to death when you are driving the car. It shifts really hard out of first gear. After driving it a while the 'restricted Performance' warning comes on and the car simply won't go at all. If you are stopped at a stoplight and you accelerate, the car acts as if it is out of gas. It does this until you get it serviced. So far, all the dealer does is reset the computer. THe car drives fine for a while then does the exact same thing. Thankfully, we bought the car in Ohio, which has a consumer-friendly lemon-law which we are studying whether or not we can use it. Sorry to say, we don't like this car one bit.
I find this to be an excellent car! I had a Cadillac ETC before and I much prefer the Jaguar. I haven't had it long enough to judge its reliability, but it is a very solid feeling car with a lot of power and good creature comforts.
The engine of my 2002 Jaguar S-Type, purchased in April, 2002, has overheated four times, three of which resulted in roadside assistance and a tow. My dealer does not seem to be able to diagnose the root cause of the problem. Is anyone else experiencing this?
great car, lousy dealer...typical ford service
I received this car from my husband as a christmas present. At first, it was a dream and I absolutely loved it. But then after about a year of owning it, everything started to go bad. First, the transmission was having problems, then the electrical started having problems and has ever since. I've also had squeaky brakes for a long time, and they go bad very quickly. I have been putting so much money into it, and I have become very frustrated.
I purchased this car not knowing that I would have to have it repaired at the dealership in Memphis, TN. I really don't think that their service department is at all good to work with. They are just a rip off. They lied to me and my warranty company about a repair that I needed. They so call fixed the car, and 1800.00 dollar later and not 4000 miles put on the car in 9 months, the car was doing the same thing. They didn't know at first that I had 2 diagnostic done on the car before I brought the car to them. After the car starting doing the same thing, I took the car back this time they are trying to say they offered me a different part which was the throttle body assembly. Which I was never offered I have all the paper work that they gave me, I don't care what someone typed in their computers. Now I don't carry a warranty on the car and they want me to pay 1830.00 dollars for the part and they will waive the labor and whatever else. I think something should be done about this. Why did they charge me and the warranty people monies for parts that was not even needed on the car on the 1st visit. I am going to pay them for the car the second time and what I'm about to do next, Jaquar will hear from me and an attorney. If the warranty company don't want their money back, well, I do. I will never never buy another Jaquar in my life, also I'm a very popular person, and everyone I know don't want one now. Why would they, after seeing what I have been going thru. Good Luck Jaquar of Memphis you must be desperate for money.
http://www.theLurch.com    I have created a website to highlight some of the faults that can occur with the 2003 Jaguar S-Type and the treatment that some have experienced from their Dealers and Jaguar with trying to get them rectified.    If you are thinking of buying a 2003 Jaguar S-Type this is essential reading first. Not every S-Type has these faults but it is best to be informed on the pitfalls that ARE out there.    Some of the topics covered - with Animations, Movies, JPEGs, TSBs and PDFs are:     S-Type - Lurching on the ZF Gearbox  S-Type - Burned out rear brakes pads (premature brake pad wear)  S-Type - Creaking / groaning front brakes / suspension  S-Type - Air con Lockout / Nav screen glitches  S-Type - Squeaking steering wheel  S-Type - Faulty Xenon Headlight adjuster  S-Type - List of relavent Jaguar TSBs    In addition I have included the independent Engineer's Reports from the respected motoring organisations of the AA (Automobile Association, United Kingdom since 1905) and the TCS (Travel Club Switzerland since 1896) on my Jaguar S-Type.    I have also included as many comments from other Jaguar S-Type owners (freely available on the internet) that also discuss these problems.    I welcome any feedback, crits or suggestions.
I have created a website to highlight some of the faults that can occur with the 2003 Jaguar S-Type and the treatment that some have experienced from their Dealers and Jaguar with trying to get them rectified.    If you are thinking of buying a 2003 Jaguar S-Type this is essential reading first. Not every S-Type has these faults but it is best to be informed on the pitfalls that ARE out there.    Some of the topics covered - with Animations, Movies, JPEGs, TSBs and PDFs are:     S-Type - Lurching on the ZF Gearbox  S-Type - Burned out rear brakes pads (premature brake pad wear)  S-Type - Creaking / groaning front brakes / suspension  S-Type - Air con Lockout / Nav screen glitches  S-Type - Squeaking steering wheel  S-Type - Faulty Xenon Headlight adjuster  S-Type - List of relavent Jaguar TSBs    In addition I have included the independent Engineer's Reports from the respected motoring organisations of the AA (Automobile Association, United Kingdom since 1905) and the TCS (Travel Club Switzerland since 1896) on my Jaguar S-Type.    I have also included as many comments from other Jaguar S-Type owners (freely available on the internet) that also discuss these problems.    I welcome any feedback, crits or suggestions.
The car has an attractive looking, has fair performance for a 3.0 V6 engine, not too much fuel consupmtion the car is stable, high quality interior material material.     Too tihgt from inside especially leg room of rear seats, NO Zinon Light, No cup holders, The gearbox turns crazy some times, exagerates the road bumbs (only 16 inch rims), noisy tyres on rough roads, steering wheel vibrates at high speeds, on turning the wheels the tyers vibrates on wet road and 0 km/h speed (dealer said normal!)
NICE CAR,ELEGANT.LOOK VERY NICE INSIDE AND OUT.STYLISH.
The car looks great and runs great when it's running. We have had numerous problems including a short in the fan motor, floor mats rotted on the backside, lighter is broken for the third time right now, glass is crazed and has been replaced once. When the dealer replaced it they scratched the car and the drivers side glass so badly that we have to take it back next week and leave it for several days for body work and glass work. The trunk is too small rear leg room awful. This is the second Jaguart the first was a 1969 XKE that was an electrical nightmare. This is definately the LAST!! Glad it's leased
The best car i have owned, looks good, drives well and has buckets of power. It turns the eye of all that see's her. she will be two years old in October and i plan to buy her big sister the V8.
Excellent Jaguar. No problems, and i have 71000 miles on that sexy jag. Just loving it. Eye cather, FAST and can beat any other european car in its class. i love this jag so much; im glad that i bought it. Its not cheap, but its so worth it! Get this Jag!
This is arguably the best looking car on the road.  The looks always turn heads.
One of my buddies allowed me to borrow his black Jaguar S-Type for a four-day weekend over the past summer. This car was incredible. The acceleration was awesome considering that it came from a 4.0 liter V8 that had 281 horses. The exterior was something sharp also. I loved the way they decorated it with chrome, and the alloy wheels with the black paint just looked breathtaking. As far as the inside went, it was a trip in itself. The wood finish and the chrome make the S-Type a true Jaguar. The navigation system is also a nice option, as well as the heated seats, and alpine stereo. The leather in the Jag was also some of the finest leather I have ever sat in. I especially loved the transmission. Not only did you have the traction control button just below the shifter, but you also had an S button. The S button, upon being activated, gave the S-type more spirit by putting extra oomph into the acceleration, and giving the dual exhaust more of a rumble. I also fell in love with the traditional J shifter. This allowed the Jaguar to be driven as an automatic, or as a clutch-less stick shift. The sound system is awesome, and easy to operate since the controls to it are located on the dash and on the steering wheel. Same as the heat and a/c. Another nice option for the summer time is the moon roof. Overall, I think that the Jaguar S-Type was by far one of the most luxurious cars I have ever driven. The S-Type lives up to the Jaguar heritage as being not only elegant and swift, but also sleek and stylish.
lovely ride. greatlooks. not the most ideal family car. more a car for personal use.........and the looks pple give you on the road!!! 
IV HAD THE CAR FOR ONLY A FEW WEEKS BUT SO FAR ITS BEEN A REALY GREAT CAR.I HAVE A 3.0 6 CYLYNDER WHICH ITS NOT THE FASTEST BUT HAS REALY GOOD ROAD HANDLING. VERY COMFORTABLE INSIDE,NICE INTERIOR.I RECOMEND THIS CAR TO ANYONE WHO IS LOOKING FOR A LUXARY CAR,VERY UNIQUE CAR, AND THAT'S WHAT YOU WHANT, SOMETHING THAT LOOKS GOOD AND ALMOST NO ONE HAS...
Jaguar/Ford has done an admirable job bring this car to the market. If you are shopping in the 50,000 range. Look at this car. It does not just look good, it is also a value package. If you opt for the sports and weather package, you get a Jaguar CATS system, (auto suspension adjust and traction control), a sunroof, premium stereo, heated seats, ultrasonic parking assist. You can spend a bit more and get a voice activated system that can adjust the climate control and radio.  If you load MB E430 or BMW 540 up to match this S-type 4.0, expect to pay about 10,000 more.  A Jag is a Jag.  It is like no other car. 
This car has been an excellent purchase. It's performance is on a par with the BMW 540s, but the styling makes the BMW's and Merdedes look very ordinary. The quality had been the unknown, but the car has been flawless through 18 months and 16000 miles.
It is a great car.  I would recommend this car to anyone who likes to drive.  It is fun to drive. This car is a great road car on long trips.  The seats adjust to avoid fatique.  It is not a family car. Its not a common looking car such as many Japanese imports.  If I can get a handle on the brake dust issue, I would invest in chrome wheel covers.  
The 2000 S-Type is recalls the day of the original S-Type which debuted in 1963. The S-Type is an all new, more affordable, luxury sports sudan. The S-Type is compliments the XJ-series and the XK-series and extends the range of Jaguar. The S-Type is in fierce competition with the BMW 5 Series, the Mercedes E Class, Audi A6, Volvo S90, Lexus GS-Series, and Saab 9-5. The S-Type was designed however to be first and foremost a Jaguar, distinct from all other contenders in this sector. There are two powertrains available: the new Jaguar-engineered 3.0-liter AJ-V6 engine or Jaguar's acclaimed 4.0-liter AJ-V8 engine. The S-Type and the Lincoln LS were developed together. The Lincoln LS provides more bang for the buck however the S-Type is a Jaguar. Don’t forget the Grey Poupon.
~CD$70k for the 4.0, before taxes. 
Although the exterior styling of this car is great, the poor ride quality, significant wind noise, hard leather, and weak sound system make this vehicle a very poor choice for trips of over 50 miles.  I feel and hear every single bump.  Sometimes I think something is going to rattle loose when I hit small bumps at 55mph.  The road noise and engine noise is so loud, I sometimes feel as though I have to yell to talk to anyone who's sitting in the car.  If you are not going to travel very far in this car, its looks will compensate for its horrible ride.  Otherwise, choose another car.  You will be disappointed with this car.
I would recommend this vehicle.  When you consider what you get for the money to its competitors.
Excellent product.  Love to drive it.  I try to make unnecessary trips just to drive the car.  A real EYE-CATCHER.
A lovely car, nice design, you´ll be seen by all. Quiet, strong engine. Totally silent inside. I´ ll keep the car for 20 years or so.
Very enjoyable car to drive on mountain roads,on the highway and in the city.The styling is truly great and driving is a pleasure again.I'm convinced this was a great choice.
Looks good on front end, back looks like other fords and merc's.Very poorly designed car. It's only good fopr around towm, awfull for trips. ! cup holder, very small trunk (very shallow) no usefull glove box. When cold runs very fast (dangerous to put in gear first 25 seconds). My last Jag, last car was a BMW spoiled me.
1. Great looking.2. Good interior arrangment except the single cup-holder.3. Even with a V6 3000cc, good response and control.4. With all necessary features for a luxary car and no quality problem encountered after almost 1 year.5. Smaller than expected space especailly the leg room at back and luggage capacity.6. No matter how, when you're looking for a luxary car, the money is not judge by the features, but the taste, style and brand name.
ATTN: jag OWNERS  ENGINE SEIZURE AT 72,000 MILES DUE TO NEGLECT FROM CERTIFIED JAG MECHANIC. JAG WON'T HELP IN FACT THEY WILL NOT SUPPORT ANY JAG CERTIFIED MECHANIC UNLESS AT A JAG DEALERSHIP! WATCH OUT...OWNED MANY LUXURY CARS WITH NO TROUBLE BUT 2000 S-TYPE HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A PEICE OF DOG FECES!!!!!!!!!!!
GREAT LOOKING CAR! WIFE WAS NEEDING A GOOD CAR. BROUGHT HER AT THE AUTO ACTION. BRITISH RACING GREEN. SHE HAD 89000 MILES ON HER. MY 1990 CHEVROLET HAS OVER 300 THOUSAND MILES ON HER. THOUGHT WE GOT A BARGAIN. WIFE STILL LOVES HER...HAD LESS THAN A WEEK AND THE DRIVERS SIDE POWER WINDOW WENT OUT. $330 WELL IT IS A USED CAR..OK..ONE WEEK AND A DAY AND THE TRANSMISSION HAS GONE OUT..STARTED WITH GEARBOX FAULT WARNING ON LED INDICATOR...NO WARRANTY..MY MISTAKE...SHE STILL LOOKS GOOD SETTING IN THE SHOP NOT MOBILE...MY NOT BE SUCH A GOOD DEAL...ANYONE GOT A GOOD USED TRANNY?.....OH COIN TRAY WILL NOT OPEN..PRETTY PETTY COMPLAIN ...
This is definitely the last Jag I lease.
I drove a 4.0L V8 S-type for nearly 4 years without any major problems and just traded it in for the 2003 model (4.2 liters). The total depreciation was just under 50% over the ownership period. Apart from some minor irritations that could easily be fixed, I find the S-Type and excellent vehicle with superbly understated style.
A truly super driving experience in every way whether for business or pleasure. In any road or weather conditions you feel as if you are in a protected cocoon. Totally reliable and trouble free. She always purrs right along!
OWNERS BEWARE: I have owned my Jaguar S-Type since I fell in love with it on January 21, 2000. Here we are in March of 2003 and I am heart broken (and mad). I am preparing for a trip to Las Vegas so the week before I take my car in for a few 'little' items. Drivers brake light is burned out, makes a 'chirp' in the morning only and the transmission might be slipping. Service rep quotes 220.00. Get a call, the transmission needs to be reprogrammed - the bill goes to 660.00. At this point I am still o.k.. Next call - I need a new transmission because the reprogramming did not work. Now the bill is 7,000.00. I have 52,313 miles on the car and am out of warranty. So we ask how much for the trade in. 16,500 minus the work required is the figure we get. This gives me a trade in value of 9,500. I owe 12,531. So I will have to pay Jaguar to take my car!!!!! A few notes. At the time I bought this car - no extended warranty was available. I was not informed that at 48,000 miles I could have then gone back and bought an extended warranty. And I am extremely upset that I can only expect 52,000 miles out of this transmission. Our niece lives with us and drives a 1981 Toyota Camry with over 200,000 miles on it AND it has the original transmission. Our secretary drives a Trooper with 154,000 miles on it AND the original transmission. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE. The dealer is certainly appologetic - but out of warranty is out of warranty. I will also add that we took a trip to Sedona, Arizona to gather with friends. The drivers window started making a 'funny' noise. When we returned from our trip (280 miles each way) I brought my car in with 50,245 miles on it. The window needed to be replaced - the cost was 1345.00. Jaguar would not cover it. I explained that we were out of the state, and we were told that we should have stopped at a dealership in Arizona. I argued that we did not want to take vacation time for something that did not seem an emergency - and the dealer was appologetic, but the cost was still ours. This morning, I will spend time once again talking with Jag. I spent the weekend looking at new cars. Mercedes will probably be my choice, but now I will be driving a car that may give me backing and performance, with absolutely no distinction on looks. Sounds silly, but both are important to me. I am extremely dissapointed and only wish that Jag would have been willing to back this 'mishap'.
I have not been happy with the vehicle at all. During the time that my wife and I have had it, we have been in the shop constantly with window (regulator) problems, fuel injection problems, and most recently transmission problems. The car is presently not shifting into fifth gear, and noone can figure out what the 'Gearbox Fault' code is all about that appears periodically. The dealership was only able to give me the 'YOu need a new transmission. That will be $4200' line (the car has 87000+ miles on it, and the extended warranty is gone). I took it to a transmission shop, and they rebuilt the tranny and nothing happened. I got the same result. Ironically, as I was picking the car up from this shop, someone was bringing in a 4.0 with the same problem. What are the chances of that considering the size of Norman,OK (Pop. 90000) with so few S-Types in town. I have called Jaguar, and I can't get any answers on whether there are recalls. Thus, I am at my wits end as to what to do, but I don't think I will ever purchase another Jag after this one!!!
After a year of owning it, a window broke down, the stick shift broke, and had to be replaced. Now two years into it the AC systems went crazy. Some times it blows hot when on AC, some times too cold. Just this month it has gone back to the dealer four times (one each week) because they can't seem to solve the problem. I have to take it back again on Monday, and hope they finally solve it. You can't imagine how horrible it is to have your AC blow hot air at 100 F during a hot Texas afternoon. The dealers are courteous though... but I'm getting tired of the trips to the shop and the inconvenience.
I have never experienced anything like this with a car! I have a problem with the cylinders misfiring and the dealer keeps replacing the coils and sparkplugs to no avail! They don't seem to be able to properly diagnose or fix the trouble. It is now at the dealer for the 3rd time in 4 weeks. They have had the car more than I have in the last month. I would love nothing more than to just throw the keys at them and tell them to just keep the car at this point! Of course, that is not an option so at this point I'm driving a loaner (as usual) and have no faith in their ability to fix the problem. Also, two window motors have already been replaced, I was told it was a very common problem but no recall?
I love my 2000 3.0 S-Type. I bought it with 44,000 miles. This is a terrific car. It handles flawlessly. It's very comforable, even on long trips. The performance is really good. Speed builds effortlessly. Interior and exterior quality are good. Not flawless but good. The ash tray cover broke and one of the lights at the bottom of the door fell out. This car turns heads. It could be the hansome guy driving that turns heads... naw, I think it's the car. If you're approaching middle age and have always wanted a distinctive performance car at a good price, look at a previously owned S Type.
I have had my 2000 S-Type Jaguar for a week now. It was reasonably high mileage (105,000 km), but in good condition. No major problems so far. The J-gate gear shift seems a bit loose changing into drive, I have to be careful that it isn't still in reverse! The rear passenger window squeaked for a while after I washed the car. I also found that the alloy window trim was raised slightly at the rear of the window. I suspect that it has been damaged at some stage in the past, but it is strange that this should only become apparent now. All in all I am very pleased with the car. Very distinctive, a prestigous vehicle.
I bought the car used with only 50,000 miles on it. 5000 miles later I started having problems with the car. First I started smelling burning plastic. Found out that some wires were touching the manifold and burning. Next I smelled burning oil. Turns out that the valve cover gaskets were leaking oil onto the manifolds also. When the valve covers were pulled off, oil had saturated the spark plug wells. Gaskets, spark plugs and ignition coils were all replaced (not cheap!) Car now has problems with catalytic converters and I am constantly getting a 'Boot Open' message? My mpg has went from 25 to 10 mpg! The car feels like it has lost power and only running on two cylinders! This is terrible as the car does not respond to the pedal and takes time getting up to speed. Dangerous also. Now my power seats have a short somewhere as it keeps on blowing fuses! What a nightmare. Spare yourself the expense and hassles and do not buy this car! Go to roadfly.com under the Jaguar S-Type forum and you will see that these cars are inherently problematic.
A stunning looking car which has been well cared for with a full service history. Everyone thinks I've won the lottery. I have a private plate and more than one person has asked me if it is brand new. It is in such good condition. I had a few teething problems within the first couple of weeks. It was only firing on five cylinders. A quick visit to the dealer soon sorted this. The brakes squeel and there was a noise coming from the back drivers wheel. Back to the dealer and they fitted new rear discs and pads and cleaned out the front brakes. Unfortunately, the brakes still squeel and the noise from the back wheel is still there. I only wish the MPG was better. I'm averaging about 20 MPG.
for the persons with brake problems ( noises) in any car i advice to replace de brake pads and shoes for ceramic brakes, they work in any car , cost around 40 bucks but worth it , no noises , quick stop.
I bought a used-lease 2000 Jag in September of 2002. So far no problems, except the battery went dead and it was covered under warranty. It does have a good warranty. Does anyone have problems with the heater? I try to let it warm up before getting into it in the morning. (at least 10 minutes) and it never is warm  like all my other cars I've had. Also, when you stop the heater stays on; but cool air comes out - not warm air. What is the problem? The service dept. says that is the way jaguars are. Is anyone else experiencing this. I sure would like to know if it's just because its a Jag or there is a heating problem with it before the warranty expires.
I paid $66,000 Canadian for a 3.0. I recommend the car highly. There is just nothing quite like a Jag...and this one in my view is the sexiest sedan on the road.
Great Engine. Central Locking and Windows a problem. The 2 Rear windows fell into the doors. Cost $1000 for new motors. Anyone else have this problem
It's a stunningly beautiful car, that outclasses all rivals. A timeless elegant design that is as pleasurable to drive as it is to look at.
Despite the fact the earlier models had many problems a 4 time Jag owner recommended the 2003 S-Type. I had read that 2003 was a major rework on the S series and so far I am very happy. The 4.2 V8 is strong and the styling sticks out a little in a town full of Lexus, BMW and Mercedes.
I bought this car because I had always loved the look of the front end. The car handles wonderfully and the interior is well-appointed, though you have to be a small person to fit in the back seat.
Experiencing transmission problem. When I come to an almost complete stop and begin to accelerate the transmission sometimes bangs into gear, sometime extremely hard.Am on my 4th trip to the dealer. Lemon law time?? Otherwise a great vehicle to drive and show off.
Although I am not the owner of this car it belongs to a very good friend, and business partner I have had many opportunities to drive the car. It has made my mind up for future automobile decisions. It is absolutely the finest motorcar I have ever set foot in bar none. I will be purchasing sometime in the future.
I originally bought a red label that matched the red one in the brochure.  There is nothing else like it.  I recently traded that in on the 2001 Le Mans edition.  My wife then had to have one too so we now have 2 Arnages.  We also have 1 Azure.  The power in these cars is more than amazing.  You feel more like you are being pulled along with some new propulsion system than an ordinary car engine.  You can tell that the car is massive and it should not be able to move like it does.  I toasted a Lexus LS 430 on the freeway today on the way to work (Yes I work but I don't need to).  You have to drive one to understand.
A very solid automobile with several surprising quirks.  As compared to my 1996 Bentlay Brooklands it is more powerful, quieter and rides like silk; however, it is harder to enter or exit, lacks certai basic features.  eg the sun visors cannot be turned to the side, the use of plastic vs metal is increasd, there  are rattles, plastic push buttons instead of metal switches, coarser carpeting, etc.  In other words, though the car is more expensive, it somehow seems cheaper.  I am surprised, disappointed and frustrated.
well it starts from here.i think everybody has to have a piece of fortunead have a Bently.or else you can't touch this!
Bently has Pursued to Perfection with this Outstanding Automoble, if you can barely afford it there is always Mercedes Benz S-Class and Jaguar XJR,However if money isent an option dont hesistate to atleast take a look at it. 
YES.  if you have the money, dont waste it on a rolls royce.  ive driven them both and this one is miraculously better.  You can shred the tires, roar this immense bmw engine all around and this thing wont squeak.  oh my god, it is heavenly.  
I was formerly employed at a car dealership which had all of the above three listed Bentleys.  I rode in the green label arnage and drove the 98 4 door.  They both feel EXTREMELY HEAVY.  They produced unheard of amounts of torque for a luxury car, but their weight offset most of the thrust.  I can only imagine what that much power would feel like in a normal weighted luxury sedan (probably similar to a gs400 except with more power down low than it even has near the peak).  The car is for filthy rich people and that is it.  I think rich guys get this so they can pick up girls at the club since they can't get them because of looks or personality.  It is the kind of car I would not mind when I retire though I guess.
We just ordered a Bentley Continental T and the dealer in Japan was nice enough to ask us to join the Louis Vuitton Classic in England (Hurlingham Club)  We were chauffered for 2 days in the company car and it was a real delight.  (I can not wait to drive the Con T when it is delivered this fall) Anyway the car I presume had a modified BMW engine, well it didn't act like the feeble one that my mechanic had.  The driver Peter said that it is a totally different animal.  The pickup from 75 mph to 100 mph was fabulous.  What was really amazing was the stability in the rear.  Normally under such acceleration, the car would bob up and down, but this had minimum pitch, yet the ride was not harsh!!  Only in a Bentley.  I visited the factory in Crewe last year after the RREC meeting in Northhampton and I saw how they built these babies.  A Con T costs close to 400 grands in Japan and I know that's an obscene amount of money, but when I saw the way they made these cars, I am convinced that it was money well spent.  I know some of you reading this will say, what a schmuck head nothing is worth that much, and I respect that too.  But after seeing how Bentleys are made, the price is justifiable in my eyes.  Beauty is truly in the eye of the beholder.  Getting back to the Arnage, all I can say is that it's great that someone still makes cars like this.  To most people, England is not known for cars, but to a few who follow F-1 and GT championship they know that you're not just buying a car but a heritage that goes all the way back to yesteryears.  The car's shape is subtle but the boxy shape really has an attitude.  No car company would ever dare to make cars like this.  I believe it's only possible because they are trying to maintain the heritage.  I hope that they will continue to do so in the future even if the world demands lighter, more fuel efficient econo cars and even if it is politically incorrect.  If you are considering buying this, don't bother if you're the type who looks at JD Powers, Consumer Reports and what not to decide what is the most reliable means of transportion.  If that is the case, call the ambulance.  They are always ready!!  But if you are an afficionado of high end products.  Look no further.  This is the bottom line!!!  
buy it if you have the money, it's a piece of art and should be driven that way.
The car is a dream to drive, although it has taken 10,000 miles to get many of the quirks remedied. The engine warning light continues to come on if the car isn't driven for a week and need to be reset at the dealership.  The Red label is quite an eyeful and always gets attention, escpecially from younger drivers. It seems they know what it is and their parents usually don't. I have a few major problems i.e. a fuel line breaking and pouring out fuel and tires with bubbles and gps with a mind of its own but all in all it has been a great automobile to own.
MAJOR WATER LEAK (I'M TALKING PUDDLE ON THE FLOOR HERE)INTO THE CABIN ON THIS $41,600(LIST)CAR. DEALER'S SERVICE DEPT. HAS HAD TO DISMANTLE THE ENTIRE INTERIOR OF THE CAR(DASH, SEATS, CONSOLE, CARPETS) DOWN TO THE BARE METAL TO GET TO IT. TURNED OUT TO BE DEFECTIVE SEAL (ROBOTIC MISALIGNMENT) AT THE FIREWALL/DASH JOINT. I TOOK DELIVERY OF THIS CAR ABOUT A MONTH AGO AND IT'S BEEN IN THE SHOP FOR 16 DAYS SO FAR.   ALSO, THE DRIVER'S SEAT OF THIS CAR HAD A DISTINCTIVE AND, MORE THAN JUST ANNOYING, 'CREAK'. DEALER ORDERED NEW SEAT PARTS BUT NOT SURE YET IF THIS WILL BE CORRECTED UNTIL THE INTERIOR IS 'RE-ASSEMBLED'      VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PURCHASE. ENTIRE NEW CAR EXPERIENCE HAS BEEN RUINED.
Car looks great, fast, smooth somewhat floaty ride but corners really nice. It is wicked comfortable! I really never get tired of driving it. I have had some problems such as a chrome wheel that needed to be replaced after my wife drove over a huge pot hole-$550 to replace- wholesale price. Two of the lights on the radio went dead and the dealer replaced the radio as a result-covered under the warrantee. You'd think that the bulbs could be changed? I needed front breaks at 30k and there is a very slight vibration even after they were replaced but this is not a big deal. This car is big, substantial but with the 17' wheels and an updated grill and portholes it looks more like an aggressive sleeper than the an old man's Florida car. I have three young children all in some type of car seat and they all fit in it fine.       I had also considered the Chrysler 300M and a used Deville but the Ultra really had more stuff in it than the base Deville and a Buick seems a bit more socially acceptable for where I live although I have really broken the rules by spending this much $ on something other than a Saab or Volvo. With 0% for five years this brought the 39k price tag way down when compared to other cars with less attractive financing . I will probably purchase an extended warrantee and I have already had a trans service (filter change etc.) in hopes that with some preventative maintenance I will head off future problems.      So far the dealer has been attentive-a very classic GM dealership (i.e., lots of dealership dudes in polyester slacks guzzling bad coffee with creamora! )
Buying and driving American cars in The Netherlands is not that easy, as long as you don't want to drive a more common Chrysler. First of all, it is very exepensive because of all the extra taxes (of the above mentioned price about 40% are taxes US citizens do not have to worry about). Furthermore there is the problem of the lack of dealer support.You may call yourself very lucky if you can find a garage where they can give you that support.   This Park Avenue was imported from the States a month ago. It had run 70.000 miles. I liked the car at first instance, because it looks a lot like the Chevrolet Caprice Classic 1991 I owned before.
I rented this car after my wife totalled her Nissan Pathfinder so we could buy her a new vehicle.  Initially, I wanted her to go back to a sedan and really liked the Park Avenues.  But, after driving it for a week, I was not impressed.   My first impression of the car was when I opened the driver's door to get in and noticed that the power seat control panel on the side of the seat had popped off.  I snapped it back on and settled in.  panel would pop back off whenever I sat in the seat.  Leather seats were very comfy and looked nice.  Dash board was overly complicated and seemed out of place in such a sporty luxury car.  This car is aimed at the elderly market, and I couldn't imagine my grandmother ever figuring out the heater and radio controls on this car.  Controls on steering wheel came in handy.   Power was very nice, handling was a bit too soft, but ride was great.  Didn't check actual mpg, but it seemed very thirsty.  Body design of car is very attractive and rear seat is roomy.  Overall feel of interior was one of cheap luxury; nice than the average sedan, but some materials were just not adequate for a luxury car.  Overall, a nice car with a cushy ride, sporty appearance, comfortable interior, but didn't do anything extremely well.  There are plenty of luxury sedans on the market for the same money that are much more refined.  A good grandma car, if grandma isn't too picky.
My Park Avenue Ultra is the best car I have ever owned. I owned two Cadillacs before it, and there is no discernable difference in the cars to justify the additional cost. Also, I prefer the proven cast iron Buick 3800 V-6 to the aluminum Northstar engine in the Cadillac. If the engine ever overheats, your chance of having extensive engine damage is much less with a cast iron engine. The car rides very smoothly and quietly,is very responsive and delivers 28-30 MPG on the highway at 70 mph. The doors shut with the quality sound of a Mercedes and it has very comfortable seats with a huge trunk with low liftover for easy loading.
We bought the vehicle new. It has been a headache before and after the warranty expired. One transmission was replaced under warranty and then the dealer told us it required replacement again just out of warranty at our expense. Took the vehicle to an independent transmission shop and the problem was repaired for $600.00 - a faulty valve. The dealer quoted around $3,000.00! The fuel economy increased by 20% after replacing this valve. Now, with 40K miles, there are numerous electrical problems associated with the computer function. Fuel guage, dash guages, radio, memory seats etc. We are on the second sending switch in the fuel tank going to a third. Don't let the dealer suggest that to fix this problem you have to remove the tank. There is an access hole in the bottom of the trunk. The biggest disapointment has been the total lack of understanding or assistance from the dealer network (We had it serviced at more than one). Sorry GM but this will be the last vehicle we purchase from you. I think Lexus has a lot more going for it with similar $$.
I have several comments to make.  First the accolades.  I love the 3.8L engine.  Easily gets 33 mpg.  Great range with the 18 gallon tank.  I have all the extras including the gran tourning suspension which I love.  Brakes are excellent as is the stereo.  Now the quirks.  Unfortunately there are several.  First, the lights in the rear view mirror are disaster as the switch to turn on is flush with the mirror causing one to have to explore to manually turn on the light.  Secondly, the guages and idiot lights need revamping.  I don't like crooked lights.  Next, the door panels squeak.  Why, because 2 types of plastic are used for the interior door handle, one is soft; the other is hard.  This is where the squeak occurs.  Don't mean to unload, but the next thing that bothers me is that in a normal vehicle, you move your hand to the power window switch and it's right there.  With this car I constantly lower the back window.  Seems you have to reach forward to work the drivers window.  As long as this model has been in production (since 1991 I believe) one would think GM would have been able to resolve these problems.  The transmission, ergonomics, and general overall quality is not worthy of a $38000 retail price tag.
Bought the car used and am fairly happy, but only because I've been able to fix all the problems myself. Still, I wouldn't buy another one. Right after I bought the car, I noticed that the trunk leaked and there were inches of standing water in the spare wheel compartment caused by a gap in the welding, which I filled with epoxy. Shortly thereafter, the battery went out and I discovered it had been leaking acid. This was caused by a battery terminal attach bolt that was too long, which had cracked the battery when inserted all the way. (Check this before you replace your battery and use a couple of washers if necessary to prevent cracking the battery). The driver's side door handle broke on me. The brakes vibrate the car when applied. I've replaced the front rotors and pads, but the problem remains. I'm going to replace the back rotors and pads next. The car also occasionally hesitates during acceleration, especially when the weather is warm. I still haven't figured that one out. All in all, this car would be very expensive to own if I wasn't doing all the work myself and I would be livid if I had bought it new. Buick really ought to do a better job making a car that is its flagship.
I purchased this car because of the good things I heard about it's  quality and reliability. After 3 years I have had major engine work   and transmission repair. Currently the car is not running because   the engine needs more major repair work. The warranty period   was over and GM would do nothing. Thanks, but for the money  I spent on this car I will take my business somewhere else.
      After owning four Park Avenues, this will be my last.  It has just been full of problems and no one at the company will listen. -- I have called the 800 number and written letters. It is always the go around or no response.  Additionally, I am fed up with the comsumer questionnaires by phone and mail that keep expressing concern about my feelings toward the car -- I have always responded and nothing happens  -- giving me the impression that no one really cares.          My local dealer has tried to work with me and get it fixed but I did not purchase this quality of car to have it in the shop so much. In the meantime, I am begging rides from friends.      I even suggested that they buy my car back or that we work out a favorable trade for another car.  All the company could talk about was that they would call my dealer to get the 'problems' fixed on my present car. 
Hard to recommend a vehicle   I  had so many problems with.
Mileage now 69000. Minor problems soon following delivery: doorlocks[locked out repeatedly], vibrating front,seatbelt locking up ,leaking rt headlight assembly,heater didnt work,radio fading and interference all requiring numerous visits. Car wouldnt start[4 visits 3 with overnite stay]. At about 30 000mi transmission failed and after many visits replaced with 'rebuilt', which now again failed,at 65000, and expired ext warrantee.Frontend still vibrates,after repeatd alignment.ON the whole very poor paintjob{black}, wonder if waterbased paint was used??
Paid 18800 and got a bargain. I have put 10 K on it and loved every minute of it. BTW, gets great mpg for a big, powerful car. Try 28.2 on a 900 mile trip w/the pedal to the metal and 25 avg. I highly reccomend it.
I had a Cadillac before the Ultra, and in past, owneda Park Avenue, but the Ultra is the way to go. It outperforms the Caddie. Best car I have ever owned andis virtually maintenance free.
$29,000.  Guy at the inspection station said the emissions were the lowest he had seen on anything he tests!  Wonderful long range cruiser but it handles expressway ramps very well.  Always secure feeling.High tech stuff is bulletproof.  But suspension, Water pump and lo tech stuff is a problem.traded it today.  sigh!
The cost to me was approximatel 27000 dollars.  It wasmy fourth Park Avenue and I'll keep right on with them.For long trips it cannot be beat.  Handling is what itshould be in a large, very safe touring car.  The engineis adequate.  It is far better than a sport car for themature driver.  It is not for the teeny boppers.  The1997 or 1998 Consumer Reports (I don't recall themonth} rated it above the Cady DeVille and Lincoln.
Overall, the Park Avenue Ultra is a decent car.  I really like the power and the comfort.  There is more than enough 'gizmos' to adjust almost every facet of driving this car.  The super-charger gives off a nice, low-key whine when it kicks in and the power is smooth and effortless.  Five people fit easily inside with there being enough room in the back seat for all but the tallest people.I've lived with this car now for almost three years and, unfortunately, even with the pluses considered above, I can say I wouldn't buy another one.  It has really disappointed me in several areas.First of all, there has been an on-going problem with the transmission.  It gets stuck between gears, doesn't shift down at a stop light, and slips on a regular basis.  The local Buick dealer has had it in at least a half dozen times and these problems still exist.  From what I have read and been told, General Motors is having this problem with a lot of their transmissions from 1997 to current model year.Secondly, the quality of the leather used in the interior is rather poor.  At 40K miles, the leather on the driver's seat looks severely worn.  It is also much thinner than the leather Ford uses, which contributes to the premature wearing problem.In addition, there is much more road/wind noise than I am used to in a luxury automobile.  My 96 Ford Ranger 4x4 wasn't any noisier on the highway.  Tire noise is definately prominent on the highway above about 62 mph, especially on concrete road surfaces.  I also feel that, even though we are talking about a large car, it could handle better.  It really wallows in turns and just feels heavy and bloated. The car feels unattached to the road.This could really be a very nice car and a good value to boot if GM would take care of some of the obvious reliability and quality issues.  It's a minimum of $10k less than a comparable Caddy and about $4k less than a fully equiped Town Car.  As it sits now, I'd go back to the Lincoln without second thought.  The quality and attention to detail with the Lincoln is considerably higher as is the customer service provided by the Ford/Lincoln dealerships.For a luxury car, I've found the Park Avenue to be merely average overall.  If only they'd build a better car around that wonderful supercharged V-6.
Just the regular Park Ave. is a pretty fast car but not very comparable to the 240 HP supercharged Ultra, the standard Park Ave come with a 3800 V6 205 HP, speeds are comparable with ultra but not anything to the acceleration. The Park Ave in very nicely equipped with features (optional or standard) like leather interior, (HUD) Heads Up Display, for 2004 models Rear parking Assist., and if you have the Concert Sound III you have a very powerful stock system, also comes with perimeter/cornering lights, and we seem to be very happy with our Park Ave.
Up date to the 'It needs an engine' Dealer write up.   NO it did NOT need an engine. An independent (HONEST) sevice center replaced a FACTORY DEFECTIVE CAMSHAFT . The cam had a defective lobe that had been defective since day one. It took 30K miles for the problem lobe to destroy the lifter causing the noise.    Excellent repair at a good price , $800 instead of the $4000 + dealer cost.   The only things WORSE than the car in this story was the DEALER and the COMPANY that failed to stand behind a FACTORY defect. They screw uo YOU pay THEY PROFIT ! Not bad when you can profit from your screw ups !
Excellent road car. Highway mileage is superb( over 30mpg), car is comfortable and quiet, and roomy.
it took a bit of getting use to the squishy ride but i started to enjoy it after a bit.i use the park ave as a everyday car so i dont log miles in poor weather in my vettes.everything worked great untill one day the car became an electrical nightmare..windows broke.heated seats stopped working abs and traction control lights started comming on it is a never ending battle to keep these devises working..motor is strong tranny stinks..makes a strange whirling sound that no one seems to be able to figure out..god i see so many elderly folks driving these i thought ??how could i go wrong..well i was..
Beware of getting screwed by Buick. I bought a Park Avenue new, plus the extended warranty. At 75,000 miles the car turned to crap. The paint began to crack, door handle broke, window swith broke, door lock collapsed indide the door panel, cruise control went out. Although some of these items were reported before the warranty was up, the dealer stalled. When I called Buick, it was 'tough luck, your warranty is up'. This car sucks, and Buick sucks big time. Watch out if you buy a Buick. If you plan to drive it a while and avoid wasting resources, you are in for trouble. There surely are better car companies out there
This is the worst car I have ever had the displeasure of owning in my life. It is poorly designed, poorly engineered, poorly built and is a piece of junk.    I would recommend anyone thinking of buying a 97 or up Park Avenue to avoid it like the plague.     The major problem for me is that the cheap plastic intake manifold that GM has elected to install on this car cracked. When that happened, coolant flooded my crankcase and mixed with the oil while driving on an 18 lane highway. The result was a seized engine at 126,000 km or about 65,000 mile i would guess. The cost to repair this problem alone (i.e. cracked plastic intake manifold leading to complete failure) was $5,000.00 Canadian.    I have written GM, called GM, talked to dealers. GM has offered me $800.00 compensation for my $5,000.00 problem. I told them see you in court, and I am not kidding.    This car has been babied, looked after, I even had the bumpers repainted last year to keep it looking good. Then they tell me that it's my fault and that it's 800 bucks take it or leave it.    Well i have learned through the internet that this is a very COMMON problem with all type K Buick Motors (i.e. nonsupercharged 3800 Series 2 motors) The EGR valve which operates at 700 degrees celscius, or about 1,300 F feeds exhaust directly into the plastic plenum. Over time the plastic melts, eventually cracking and you have a HUGE problem. Like you need a new engine if you don't catch it problem.    This car has automatic wipers, an automatic rear view mirror, traction control, air shocks in the back, a compass in the mirror, 6 different sun visors, like 4 cigarette lighters (and i don't even smoke!!) All this junk you don't need. But when it comes to an engine they elect (the accounts??) to use a cheap plastic intake manifold that eliminates any sense of reliability. Please tell me that this is a joke. You spend money giving me junk i don't need, but skimp on quality on the engine???? What would it have cost to manufacture an aluminum intake manifold - $20 bucks more than the plastic one?????    Thanks GM    I was lucky I wasn't killed by a truck on the highway.    GM is well aware of this problem but in full denial mode. Ford had been using the plastic manifolds on their crown victorias, but recalled them.    AVOID AVOID AVOID, can i possibly make myself more clear.    Further nightmare problems:    A trunk that fills up with water sometimes 10' deep    Dash lights burning out in the radio, heater control head, heated seat switch, door lock switch. These lights are soldered in and can not be replaced. If you want to see your heater control centre, you need to buy a completely new head for $850.00. For a burned out BULB!    The car is on it's third alternator.    2'nd Delco battery, ok i can accept that.    The alarm sounds sometimes as I AM DRIVING DOWN THE STREET.    The rear window defroster CAUGHT ON FIRE. Yep, the car filled with smoke one time when I turned the defroster on. Still haven't bothered to fix that one.    Rear brake rotors that warp every 35,000 km.    Poor quality leather that is cracking up.    A heated seat that no longer works.    A creakie suspension system in the front end that makes lots of noise with every curb you have to climb.    Oh yeah, an air conditioning compressor that the bearing is burning out on.    Water pump replaced    Power door lock switch that broke.    Very noisy heater fan.    This car is TERRIBLE.    A steering wheel that has NEVER locked since day one.    No wonder GM has lost so much market share in the mid to full size car market.    It's a good thing i also own a nice reliable 75 Triumph TR6 or I would be out of luck.     My Buick has been on the hook 4 times in the last 4 months.    I will never ever buy another GM product again.
This car has been babied . It has had all the maintenance plus.   It only has 31,000 pampered miles. The rear rotors crapped out at 19k . They were made from very poor quality iron. The trunk leaked profusely ,the alternator fried at 20k . Now the dealer tells me there is a broken lifter and the engine needs to be replaced-minimum $4,000 ! Buick he says cares not that the car only has 30,000 miles and the engine is trash . I WORK for GM . The car is going to the auction and I am going to the BMW dealer . Buick can't afford a few Goodwill dollars and I can't afford to buy Buicks that need new engines at 30,000 miles . For all you suckers that are now happy --- your luck too will run out. Too many parts from third world suppliers. Buick saves we loose.
Overall extremely satisfied with the value received from this car. originally I was trying to find a 1996 Roadmaster, but couldn't find one that wasn't worn out. The dealer suggested this car to me, and after driving it, I fell in love with the 3800 Supercharged V6. I have had nil problems with either the power train or the body. I took it in to have a small oil leak fixed, and the dealership changed all of the oil seals under warranty.
I would by a used one again to keep until the heap.  Bought it 3 years old for this price with the origional sticker in the glove box listing it for over $36,000.  Depresiated over 50% in 3 years.
Maybe its not fair to compare my old 88 with a 96 Park but my wife reminds me the 88 Grand Marquee had a more comfortable ride. We like the Park Ave because it does get better mileage, has much better maintenance record but it is totally overpriced and should be a much quieter car.  I bought it used and six years later with 100k I appreciate 20 city and 30 highway. I guess the blame for not having a better ride is on the front wheel drive. Still have original exhaust, needs shocks but no major troubles. It has used oil since around 30 k and up to almost a quart between oil changes, I change oil every 3k. Not sure if I would buy another one because according to Consumer Reports they went down hill after 1996, plus too expensive.
So far this car has been just great. The only thing ever done to this car before me was the brake pads and new tires. I bought the car with 88k on it. It it is fast and smooth. The ride is great and the car is so comfortable. I have not had a single problem with this car.
My Buick Park avenue shakes at high speeds. Sometimes it feels like i have to floor the gas peddal for the car to start gaining speed.It feels like something is stuck and not letting my car to gain speed especially past 60mph.Sometimes the car dies on stop signs or traffic lights.
Well like previousely posted this car is the biggest hunk of junk i have ever had the displeasure of owning. I will never in my life buy or purchase a nother gm product. As posted earlier the intake went causeing the motor to go the mass air sensor the transmition now it is on its second motor about to explode. passenged side climate control broke rear view mirror fell off and now paint is falling off. beware never buy a buick. ANDTHERE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NO BIG HELP AT ALL!!!!!
I have always owned Buicks, and this one has lived up to my expectations of the Buick/GM name. I purchased it used in mid-2001 at considerably below wholesale, with 82K miles. Now, at 102K miles, it has proven to be a reliably good car. It has a very smooth and luxurious ride, many interior extras, plenty of seating room (I am 6'2'.), easily get 22-23 mpg! commuting to work (18 miles one way, country/city)--all this with the sufficient horsepower of the standard 3.8L engine. It does have an oil leak--within tolerance but will probably have to be fixed eventually. The leather upholstery is still in good condition, and the other interior trim does not show any noticeable fading or unusual wear. All of the 'gadgets' work fine. I will certainly consider the Buick line for my next car.
I have always owned Buicks, and this one has lived up to my expectations of the Buick/GM name. I purchased it used in mid-2001 at considerably below wholesale, with 82K miles. Now, at 102K miles, it has proven to be a reliably good car. It has a very smooth and luxurious ride, many interior extras, plenty of seating room (I am 6'2'.), easily get 22-23 mpg! commuting to work (18 miles one way, country/city)--all this with the sufficient horsepower of the standard 3.8L engine. It does have an oil leak--within tolerance but will probably have to be fixed eventually. The leather upholstery is still in good condition, and the other interior trim does not show any noticeable fading or unusual wear. All of the 'gadgets' work fine. I will certainly consider the Buick line for my next car.
I bought my Park Avenue Ultra after owning a 94 New Yorker/LHS  I sold to a friend.  The New Yorker looked elegant, more modern inside and had better handling but a much stiffer, noisier ride and many more mechanical problems.  One major reason I picked the Park Avenue was the separate passenger temperature controls since it always seemed like passengers wanted it warmer or colder than I did.  The interior and exterior were elegant enough without being pretentious, comfortable for six adults and quiet. The ride was impressive and the trunk was huge.  The supercharged engine gives phenomenal acceleration and cruises along at 80mph barely breaking 2000 rpm which means long engine life.  At 120,000 miles, it still uses less than a quart of oil for 3000 miles and gets 21-28 mpg on regular gas, even though the manual suggests premium.  Since it never knocked accelerating up hills I figure there's no harm done.  In fact several tanks of premium didn't improve performance or fuel mileage at all so why waste the $.   In over two years and 45,000 miles of driving I've spent less than $200- to repair passenger door locking mechanism and one locked up brake caliper.
So far it has been the most comfortable car i owned! I love the ride and it has many toys so to speak. You can control the temperature from both sides of the car.Lots of bells and wistles.I hope that with all those bells that they dont go off! fingers crossed?
This is the second Park Avenue I have ever owned and I would buy another in a heart beat. My old Park Avenue was a 1986 with 180,000 miles on. It still ran like new but was totaled in a car accident. I literally cried the day it was taken away.     I purchased my 1993 PArk AVenue in 1997 for $12,500. It had 62,500 miles on and now has 139,000 miles on. The interior is like new and it runs like a charm. Its a great car to road trip in because of its ample room. The gas mileage is great for a large luxury car (almost 30 mpg) I will buy another one someday, but for now I plan to keep my current Park Avenue since the dealer said they are know to go over 300,000 miles. I am looking forward to many more enjoyable years in this fine luxury car.
Absolutely love the car. A few minor problems, such as the high beam switch does not work all the time due to the plastic cover on the steering wheel being loose. Can make it work by holding it in place when operating it. Also the horn does not work. Fuses are okay, and so are the horns. Suspect the horn relay. The milage is great averaging 24, which includes a lot of in town stop and go and many short trips. The power in the 3.8L motor is fantastic, it does not need a turbo in by opinion. I have been a GM fan for many many years and this one has not disappointed me at all. Consider this. We bought it with 143000 miles and it is just over 180000 miles now with no problems.
I purchased this car with 116,000 miles on it and have owned it for over 7 years...it now has over 230,000 miles on it and it runs very well....I am the third owner of this vehicle ...the previous owner used this car mostly to commute back and forth to work...approx..60 miles per day ....the fuel economy has dropped from 29 to 25 mpg over the past couple of year even after tune ups and replacement of all ignition parts and coil packs....perhaps due to the age of the engine....the drive train is in excellent condition...I have spent maybe $2000 in repair costs in the 7 years I have owned this car....new main computer,brake system overhaul, new CV boots, new coil packs, transmission fluid leak repair and replaced the alternator are the only major repairs I had done to this vehicle ...the transmission still shifts smoothly and the exhaust system has never needed replacing...it still has the original stainless steel exhaust system(you got to love it)...the best car I have ever owned and I would not hesitate to buy another older Buick Park Avenue(1988-1990)...even if it does look like a grandma car
Hand me down from the folks with 112K miles on it. The car is great, now has 204K miles. very trouble free car. can fit 4 set of golf clubs and 4 buddies in the car and cruise to the course at 80+MPH, no sweat! Eat your heart out Honda.
I love this car. I got it from my parents and and it just won't die. It has been on 4 6000km road trips with out one problem. Has 400,000km and with no big problems, recently replaced alternator and rebuilt carb but thats it.
DeVoe Buick is the best dealer I have ever experienced.The 1997 Buick Park Avenue will be my last General Motors product.Quality is extremely poor.In first 3 years the car spent over 30 days in the shop for warranty work including:Bent half shaft replaced.Spark cable not installed.Door gaskets twisted.Decorated panel on side scrateched.Paint spots on trunk.Black door trim discolored.Vibtation when braking.  Disks were buckled.  Repaired twice.Poor gear changes required the transmission to be rebuilt.Battery split and leaked over engine comparment. Second battery split and corroded terminal fell off.  Car would not start.Instrument panel replaced.Tire vibtation.  Required dynamic balancing several times but, kept recurring. Replaced 3 tires with no permanent fix.  Finally paid 50% cost to replace with Michelin tires which solved problem.Drivers leather seat wore through and replaced.Steering wheel cracked and replaced.
Company Car =]And I highly recommend it. Even if your company wont spring the 35,000 for a loaded ultra.
this is an amazing car. i am 17 and this is my second buick and i love them. there fast and i have out ran a monte carlo.
Cost was $39M and the car has almost every available option. It has very good value for a luxury car. Have friends who say that it has much better value and is better equiped thta their Cadillac. I would recommend the Buick Ultra to anyone looking for an excellant ride, good gas mileage (filled up today and the last tank's mileage was 24.4.
Overall, I'd have to say the Buick Park Avenue SUCKS. I bought a 1999 new, and have had a million problems with it. It has had both engine and tranny problems as well as battery problems. One of the vacuum hoses slipped off and the car ran like crap. There was nothing to even hold the hose on. It was free to slide on and off as it wanted to. I had many ignition problems, some related to the alarm system. There were times I could not get the car to do anthing when I would turn the key. There is an electrical problem that keeps the sunroof from closing sometimes. The dash pannels seperated on their own. If you don't have the supercharged engine, it is a very slow engine. I have been fighting with GM and the dealership. They refuse to do anything for me.
This is not the best car in the world. To me, it is the best car for MPG, safety, power, and total cost. STS has lower MPG, insurance is higher, and STS has similar faults with it's generic GM parts. I would buy another Ultra. I have looked around for a better car, and I can't find the balance the Ultra has to offer. I did not initally like this car, but bought it for purely common sense reasons. Now, after 8 months, I cannot think of paying my own money for another, I am too cheap. I hope that Buick doesn't cheapen future Ultra's with the same workmanship as mine. Mine had walnut woodgrain detailing inside. 2000 and 2001's I saw in the dealer showroom did not. I have to thank my salesman as well. He took care of me when I bought the car, and continues to take care of me when I go in for service. I have only a few complaints. The rest are glowing positives. 
I have owned 4 of these Ultras in my 'driving' lifetime. I got my licens in 95 and I had the 95 Ultra. It was amazing, beats the heck out of any honda, or any of them crappy little 4 cylinder crappy things. I currently own the 99 ultra and I love it. I Have driven the 2003 (my friend bought it) and I love it too. I was going to buy one, but the only thing different is the looks so I am going to wait a while. I have had NO problems with this vechical. I do have to say though, it seems a lot of people have had bad versions of this car. So make sure you get ALL the information about this car before you buy. ALWAYS ask for a car that was not made on a Monday or Friday, it may seem stupid TRUST ME ITS NOT! If you buy brand new DO NOT under ANY circumstance get out on the road and stomp the accelerator pedal down to the floor. Let the engine break in first. Thats what A LOT of peoples problems are the engine gets damaged that way, I now am I mechanic (not for any particular dealer) but that does make a difference. Take it from me wait up till 3,000 miles before you start treating this car for whats its built for. I do say its a sporty luxury car, grandmas can get the non- ultra. This ultra is a sports car. A POWERFUL sports car with no CRAP engine like Honda. It has been rated higher of Lincoln and caddie though. So don't get them , besides this car has more safety and better handling and its ALOT quicker. it also has good gas milege. I have the Stabili trac system and head up display, and traction control, and gran touring package withthe anti roll rear bar. I've taken this masterpiece out on some pretty high speed races. The car can go up to 140 MPH without harming the enging, thats a fact its NOTHING on that engine. I've done it myself ON A THURWAY THOUGH! I have taken her around TIGHT sharp courses at 90 MPH and it doesnt even feel like I'm losing control or going to flip. This engine picks up extremely FAST , I mean EXTREMELY. Its effortless, you push that pedal down and you hear the sound of that wonderful supercharged engine roar, its amazing. You can even hear the supercharging doing its job, to me it sounds cool. The engine is not loud and 'whiny' like Hondas and small cylinder/ litre engines are at full throttle. It sounds like its saying 'THIS IS ALL YOUR GIVING ME?' It picks up very smooth, makes corners very smooth to. Don't dis this car if you like Honda thats fine, but its a fact this car has FAR more power, its safer and better quality fit for any age. The stereo system is amazing sounding.. the leather seats are amazing. BEWARE of the paint on the 95 it seemed pretty cheap to me, the 95's engine you could hear a little better though. Also you could feel the speed a bit more, it still picked up the same, 0-60 in 6.5 seconds.. but the newer ones make a smoother quieter ride. TRUST me its a thrill. But the 95 is a bit louder, still effortlessly!!! But just a little louder. I prefer the newer ones. My friend who owns the 2003 LOVES the rear- park assist, i wish I had it too. The car I only like in Black, all other colors are ugly to me... as far as wanting it to be sporty . Older people dont get black.. doesnt suit you. Basically, you respect this car it will respect you back. You take car of this car, and it will take car of your needs. Keep up with its maintance, keep the interior clean, use leather protectants to keep it nice for a LONG time. Wash it a lot in winter ( I dont drive mine in winter because I dont want the under neath hurt) but I have though. Bathe it a lot in winter, and always wash the under neath behind wheels and all.. keep it clean. This is a wonderful luxury sports sedan, fast, quiet, VERY ROOMY. And most of all reliable. BUT the water pump is a issue. It will have to be replaced at some point, I am warning you that is a fault that everyone seams to have with this car.
My husband bought me the Catera for Christmas 3 Years ago. I was so happy! The car only had 14000 miles on it. Three months after that everything started going wrong. We have to get new tires every 10 to 12 months and we put new brakes on less than a year ago and we need to put them on again. The driver side heated seat burned through the leather seat and burning my coat also! This car is a nightmare and I would not sell it to my worst enemy! The dealership knows us by our voice over the phone because we are in there and calling so much. We are now selling it and we will never ever buy another Cadillac again.
Before i start, let me just say that i am a car guy, i love cars and have owned many in my day. I LOVE THIS CAR. The people who are Bashing this car, i feel sorry for, because there has not been one thing wrong with my Catera Sport. Its So Comfortable, Power Everything, Bose Sound, Sunroof, 200hp engine, Very peppy. You will seriously find your favorite road to drive down with the Catera Sport. It loves the Road, Highway Driving is incredible, 80-100mph and you still feel in Total control of the car, and OHH the Handling of this Fully Idependant Suspension car. It Loves the turns. Ok, First of all, Only Buy a 2000 or 2001 Catera, Preferably with the SPORT pkg. It gives you Bose sound, Sunroof, 17inch Sport wheels, Xenon Headlamps, Sport Tuned Suspension, Oil Cooler, Plus it looks 100times better than anyother entry level luxury sport on the market!!! Just remember to buy a 2000 or 2001. THIS CAR ROCKS IN EVERY WAY POSSIBLE...AWESOME SOUND SYSTEM, GREAT ENGINE POWER ( especially near red line, REALLY PULLS HARD ), DAMN SEXY LOOKS, EXCEPTIONAL HANDLING, Damn dude, the feeling behind the wheel of this car is so sweet, you never want to stop driving this car. I love my catera sport, Cheers to all who own one... If your going to buy a Catera do yourself a favor and get the Sport pkg.
bought car with 27,000 miles, very clean and loaded to the max. problems started within 1 month with the bose sound system not picking up channels and fading. this car eats tires and the brakes are always sqeaking. the sunroof has stuck a couple fo times and the daytime running lights have been repaired twice. the valve cover gaskets needed replaced at 28,500 miles for the second time.the camshaft gear needed to be replaced at the same time. the transmission is constantly shifting at the 55 mph speed limit and the gas mileage is no better than 22 mpg. the car does handle extremely well and feels very solid as you drive it.
I purchased my vehicle from a carlot used. I paid 4,000 for it and I thought I got a good buy. I did but 2 months after the computer started to act up and I had trouble with it in the mornings starting it up. The computer was not made in the US and it would cost 8,000 to fix it. So if you want a good car myself I would prefer something other than a Catera. When the 'Check Engine' light comes off DO NOT IGNORE IT!!!!
I love my Catera. Other than an oil leak I have not had any issues with it. I have owned it for two years now and have put 30,000 miles on it.  I love the way it handles it hugs the curves like nothing else I have ever driven. It appears that any reliability issues got worked out by the 2001 model. I highly recommend the 2001 model but can not speak to older versions of the car.
I thought that the car was a good deal - a 98 w/ only 14,000 miles.  The interior and exterior were in excellent shape.  However, it wasn't too long afterwards, when I received a factory recall to replace a one of the front end stablizer bars.  Shortly after that the locks had to be fixed.  The car has stalled to point where it would not restart for several minutes.  The cadillac service department cannot locate the problem, which also includes a burning order. Also a wire running from the engine block was pulled out by one of the belts.  Mindful of the need for maintenance, I replaced the manifold intake air filter, which cost over $25.00 (w/o labor) and the cabin filter, which cost about $15.00 without labor.  I agree with the previous comments that parts are hard to come by. It took over 2 weeks to order a tire, which no one keeps in stock.  It took the dealer almost a month to receive the part required to fix the recall. Finally the front end is severly out of alignment, which I have to get fixed.
This car should have been painted lemon yellow.  We have had it almost 3 years and it has spent a lot of that time in the shop. It has had at least 2 recalls in addition to all the other problems.  The car started pulling right almost immediately after we got it, and eventually had to be realigned twice.  It would not crank and it took 2 weeks for shop to discover the glove pocket light was not going off.  A fuse box screw was stripped out, the rear panel was cracked all the way across, windshield wiper arms had to be replaced.  The tape player in the stereo never worked and it had to be replaced.  The rear defroster intefered with the radio and even though they claimed they could not figure this out, it eventually did not go off, overheated the back window, and it exploded outwardly as I was driving the car.  It has refused to crank numerous times. Battery was replaced but shop claimed they could not isolate problem.  Alternater had to be replaced last month.  Refused to crank again last week, is still in the shop as I write this with shop claiming they cannot find anything wrong.  The tires on it only lasted 18,000 miles even though they were rotated and balanced regularly.  I have been tolerant of this because at first we had good shop people.  They have changed personnel and I am rapidly reaching the end of my patience. It has less than 25,000 miles but would have several more if it had not been in the shop so much.  We had a Cadillac previously and I was not especially pleased but let my spouse talk me into another one. I don't think he will be able to do this again.
This car has been great for us.  It drives more like a sports car than a luxury car and I like that.  It is heavy and takes the road bumps like a champ.  The only problem/fear I have is that a lot of people (see other reviews) seem to have lots of problems with their cateras.  That makes me a little uneasy about my car's future.  But, so far so good.
Okay, but not great enough for a Caddy! I have had some good driving trips in this car when it is not in the shop. The color of the car and the design attracts attention, but it also does this when it is broken down on the side of the expressway. IT STINKS!!  I bought this car to style in not to be living at the dealership in the service department.  Every month in the last 6 months I have had to have repairs (covered under warranty thank God), and I've only been leasing it 9 months. They even know by name in the service department!!  Something has to change to make Cadillac stand up and take responsibility for their faults.
This vehicle has an attractive body style, size and certain safety features which are pleasing to a family of four.  Unfortunately, the type of service it provides the consumer is zero compared to other vehicles I have purchased as new cars.  This vehicle has required fourteen to fifteen visits that are covered under warranty during the 36 months I have owned it.  Needless to say, the customer service that has been extended to me by Moritz cadillac has also been a zero.  I am not a pest, my vehicle is the pest.  If it performed at the lowest of consumer expectations, I would not be at the dealership on an average of 1.8 times each month for warranty work.Please give this vehicle and Moritz Cadillac your strongest consideration before purchasing the car or doing business with this company.  Specifically if you are a female taking care of your own vehicle.  I would not purchase a Catera in the future, nor will I ever shop at Moritz Cadillac in Arlington, TX. 
OVERALL--I really have liked my Catera.  It does 'zig' and maneuvers very tight and nicely on the road.  It has tight steering and DEFINITELY does NOT drive like a boat.  The pick up from acceleration is quite quick and impressive.  I didn't care for the outside styling but was won over by the interior luxury look of the car.  The leather on the doors and seating looks like no other car.  It is a HEAVY car for it's size and weighs only 100 pounds less than the much larger ElDorado.  Built in Germany, it is heavy and a substantial car.  I was in a pretty bad rear-end accident (A HUGE Semi hit a BIG truck which crashed into me).  The car had quite a bit of damage to the entire rear, but I was safe and the car was repaired at Ocean Cadillac and they did a good job.  That was over a year ago and I really enjoy my Catera.  It has been in the shop for minor repairs.  I recommend a three (3) year lease and with it you will have the standard 50,000 mile warranty--with Gold Key Service which means that every time it is in the shop for covered repairs, you will receive another Cadillac as a replacement car for no additional cost to you.  Overall--there is not any nicer car for the price and you WILL enjoy the luxury!  Life is not perfect--including one's automobile!  Nothing is perfect--but most things can be repaired!  When a car needs to go to the garage, it is never convenient--but sometimes necessary.  But the Catera is NOT the only car that has to go to the garage sometimes!
Looks Nice,Rides nice. Has been in the shop twice within the first four months. Transmission been repaired once,the gear stick and steering wheel vibrates , the steering wheel is stiff , veers to the right , and the fog lights continually blow out. The dealership will fix the problems if you keep hounding them.They cannot fix the vibrating,its a design flaw. Not at all what is expected from Cadillac. E-mail us @ Cadi@bolynx.com with similar problems.
I love it so far its loaded with all the goodies lets hope it doesnt put me and my fam in the poor house. Hell I just moved from there !!
We've been extremely satisfied with our Catera so far, and we've had it just about 5 months now.  No sign of any problems.  The car had 43,000 Km when we purchased it, and has about 48,000 at present.  The tires were replaced when we bought it, and the car gone over, to make it an 'optimum' used vehicle.  I saw the original tires, they weren't worn that badly, but we won't argue over getting new tires!  Our previous Nissan Maxiam needed new tires before the 40,000Km mark, so the Cartera seems to be no harder on tires than the Maxima.  We have the leather, chrome wheels. Bose Stereo, power Moonroof and all the options, and just love the car.  It could use about 30-40 more horsepower, just because of it's tremendous weight, but I don't think the 200HP is overly weak.  A small V8 would be ideal in a car like this.  I'll post if we have any of the problems listed, but hopefully not.  Nothing leaking, no pulling to the right, no dead batteries (and it IS the original battery in there) no excessive tire wear...haven't seen nay signs yet.
With the exception of the brakelight switch intermittently working (and replaced under Cadillac warranty at no cost), the car has performed flawless. I average 20 mpg in town with a little stint of highway miles included. Everything works (I'm lucky not to have the electric heated seats...just one more item that could electrically fail, regardless of car manufacturer). I've read some of the reviews and looks like some need to go for  the 'lemon law' in their own state. Others have been overall satisfied. I will maintain my own Catera after the factory warranty expires. I'm sure in somne instances with the irate owners posting here, that the car is not all of the problem... have you seen who actually does the repair work on your car at the dealership (I don't care if they have ASE pasted all over their body, it doesn't mean a thing!)??? Can't balme the car always. Sometimes you take it in for one repair only to have another come up the next week not associated with the first problem (and it could be caused by the mechanic who solved your first problem only to give your the second problem). In any case, I'm satisified with the car. No it is not perfect, but hey, neither am I nor anyone else. Why would I expect man's creation to be anything more? If you have a Catera problem, get the 'regional' manager involved if your car can't be repaired properly at your dealership.
Bought my 2001 Catera Sport after leasing it for two years. Had the recall completed. There was a two week delay for parts and I had the use of a 4 wheel drive van during this time. Had the drivers side seat replaced by local dealer, due to seat heater short. Other than these items the car has been great and fun to drive. Started looking at new vehicles as my lease was running out. Was not able to find anything that could compare for twice the money. We were able to buy a known car with low miles for a great price. The car is also Cadillac certified for 6 years/100,000 miles. We have a great local Cadillac service department, that has taken care of our GMC vehicles for several years. Have read several posts regarding problems with the later model Cateras. I feel most of the problem areas were worked out in the 97-99 models. One item that I will be replacing this year are the Goodyear Eagle tires. They are O.K. in the summer, but when you get 300+ inches of snow, they no longer get the job done.
Despite the many negative things i've read about the Catera, my particular model has been absolutely great!  No issues whatsoever.   Excellent Bose stereo! Can't say enough about it. All my Metal CD's plays with expectional clarity. From Boston to Van Halen- wonderful!  Power comes on smooth. The fun begins at 90mph. People expect an old man driving a Cadillac but WHOOOOSH!  The soft leather interior smells like i'm in a Wilson's leather jacket store. Love the smell of leather. The heated seats are made of soft leather. I'm afraid to move while sitting down in fear of ripping the leather.  The overall feel of the interior is as good, if not better than my Mercedes E500, IMHO.
Lots of concerns with this car. First when you go over roads that have been worn down by trucks it is an outright adventure to see if you can move to the next lane. As I cross over these ruts (they are paved and no potholes) I almost loose control of the car. Now it does pull in the same situation at 35 mph, but as I say it becomes a true adventure at 65 to 70 mph. I now have the feeling that this car is dangerous.  I have had it in to the dealer a few times and the loaner cars on the same roads that cause the Catera a problem do not happen with the loaner.  Lastly the car will downshift (yes it is an automatic). What happens is at certain speeds going down hill and if you are coasting the car will drop out of 4th gear back to 3rd gear and you can see the revs jump. Getting it back into 4th gear requires stompping on the gas. It is a very intermittent problem, but I do seem to have it happen at least twice a week.  I cannot let my wife drive this car as I feel it is dangerous and she does not have the experience handling cars. It is now in for a checkup on these problems and if they cannot fix it I will dump the car.
In it's first 5,000 miles,it has been a wonderful car. So many owners of the earlier ones have posted of catastrophic failures,and mine did need to have its waterpump replaced at 800 miles and its climate control panel replaced at 3,500 miles. That is troublesome,sure,but considering what I paid for it brand new,I really can't complain. It drives magnificently. I'd say it has about 75% of the goodness of a Mercedes E320,but only 50% of its price. I do think the car is WAY undervalued,and wouldn't hesitate a minute to reccomend buying a 2000 or 2001. It is very tight;the controls have more of a tactile,quality feel than the US Caddilacs costing $10,000+ more.
Great Car. Good Price. Great Dealer. No problems at all and love to drive it but the tickets are adding up, must get a laser detector. Been great, am absoluteky thrilled with it. First lux car I bought and am glad I did
Purchased car in Nov./01 with 45,000k, is now Apr. 17/02 and has 52,000k. Had cupholder replaced. Car has small vib. at 40km/hr but has not been fully addressed yet. Drivers door would not close/catch twice, pssenger door once. In cold weather glove box squeaks until warm. Tires new right before purchase. Car drives straight, handles great, and have had no other problems. Brake pads seem to be wearing out prematurely(probably due to weight of car). I have read thru all 94 reviews and seems that '98 is better than '97 and '99 models. Due to all reviews and my need for a truck to pull boat will most likely trade off this spring.
We love this car.  Excellent and comforatble on road trips. Handles sufficiently well on ice. Rear wheel drive is more fun to drive.   We've had zero problems thus far.  Perhaps the '98 model year is better than the '97s? Wears out tires exactly as fast as any other auto of similar weight driven in a similar manner (Principle of local action, for you continuum mechanics fans).  Ratings subject to change as experience with this car accumulates, but so far so good.
I have had my Catera for about 10 months.It has been in the shop some many times. Just to name some of the many things that we have had problems with, the sun roof would'nt open, doors would'nt lock, radio stop working, I could go on for ever. My husband and I went to try to trade the Catera in just the other day. The saleman had someone look at the car to see what they would give us for the car. Well, they said they could only give me $9,900. I own $17,200. So, my Catera has went down in vaule $10,000 in 10 months. I am going to speak to a lawyer today.I will never buy a Cadillac again! If there is any one esle how would like to try to do something about these lemon car please contact me!
I have to address the 'stalling' glitch a lot of you are bringing up....I test drove a 98 last week and am seriously considering buying it, even after these reviews, as it's not a '97....  The stalling is also a G M thing, I own a little Pontiac Firefly (metro/sprint/swift...whatever...) and it went through the same thing while strill on warranty, and a dealer in Hinton Alberta found the problem, if not the reason. If it stalls on you, just try releasing the air cleaner lid and it should start like a charm. NO idea why, but it worked on the firechicken, and for the past three years it has done it a total of ZERO times. One of life's little mysteries. If this works for you, I'd like to know. Good luck, and I'll write a review of MY 98 Catera if I buy it. Thanks.
What can I say! I like the car a lot! i have put up with some small annoyances like replacing my tires under a year of owning the car but other then that nothing really! incidentally the tire problem is simple: They put the wrong tire on the car! thos efreakin tires are expensive and are too soft for the car hence why tires are worn prematurely! i changed them to Goodyear and am doing great! Another thing people mentioned was the front passeneger floor getting wet! Well its caused by leaves and stuff getting stuck up there under a gaskat underneath the bottom of the windshield whcih causes the water to back up into the passenger compartment and not drain properly, simple fix: Take you shop vac when cleaning your car and suck out debris every couple of months... Another thing GM sent a lettter about a possible timing belt failure, so if you saved you receipts you could be eleible for the reembursement, email me if you want a refernce number to look into it.... This is a MAJOR problem that everyone seems to complain about causing $$$$ to fix. So let me know.... Also the Electrical on theis car is very finnicking minor annoyances really...The dealerships seem to hose people on car repairs but the have you by the throat while your car is under warrantee! Go elsewhere and boom they void your warrantee.... An awesome car to own after you don't have to deal with the dealership anymore in my case its Myers Motors
WOW! I can't believe that I'm not the only one with this crap car! I did a search on Google under 'catera bad gas mileage' and I found this page. I got a great deal, at least that is what I thought' due to hail damage it received while on the sale lot. Since then, it has been nickle and diming me ever since. It has 88K miles on it now, from the 49K when I bought it over a year ago. In that time, I had to have both O2 sensors replaced, a coolant leak replaced, of course the timing belt 'issue' repaired. The brakes and alignment are a joke. I am constantly getting those either repaired or replaced...And yes the brakes squeel like no tomorrow. The gas mileage is terrible. I only get 150 miles to a TANK. Every so often, the moon roof will refuse to close unless I turn off/back on the car. The rear sunshade has begun to refuse to go back down now too.    I truly hate that I bought this car and will never recommend this car to anyone in the market. If you buy a new car of its class, then get a 3 series BMW.
From what I have read, most of the problematic cars were not bought or serviced by Caddy.  Our Catera, and other vehicles are sold and serviced by Caddy and have been great.  We had 1 tire problem, but Cad replaced it.    I think this car is a lot of bang for the buck.  The other imported luxo bombs are just as expensive (usaully more) to maintain.
It's been said before but worth saying again: it's a maintenance nightmare! Tires, brakes and battery wear too fast. Alignments are good for about a month but not much more. And how about that 'check engine' indicator? Mysteriously comes on and goes off. A dealer check of this problem produces the same answer: bad O2 sensor for the forth time! Come On! Don't buy this one. Even GM discontinued it.
This car is the worst car ever made. Luckily cadillac is going to replace the engine that only had 36000 miles on it. At first look and drive, it was very impressive, but only got to drive for about three weeks total out of the 7 months that have owned. Has been in shop most of the time. Cooling system failed. Electrical problems. Cracked head due to cooling system. Power window switches worn out. Tires ware within 35000. Air conditioning failed. Traction control failed. Transmission problems don't exist according to cadillac, but car shifts in and out of all gears at it own will. Sometimes smooth, but usually not. Headlamps and parking lamps fail frequently.
I bought my Catera in 2000 thinking I was getting a great deal, 26000 miles for $16,000, I was very wrong, what I did do was purchase a major headache. This car is an Absolute Piece of Junk. From the time I purchased the car until now, it has been nothing short of a nightmare to own. From the ratteling exhaust to the engine failure while driving on the interstate during rush hour. Cadillac will not assume responsibility for any of the problems that I have complained about, no factory warranty, only when there is a recall, which there is, on just about everything under the hood. It's sad to say that I will never buy another GM car again, especially not a Cadillac.
Absolute piece of junk!!! Cadillac & GM will not take responsibility for engine failure due to timing belt failure.Please any one wanting to start class action against GM please contact me!
The Caterra we bought was the the worst mistake we ever made. We would like other victims of the Caterra to contact us about a Lawsuit.
The Cadillac Catera is an awesome vehicle. I have owned mine for 2 years now and just now having problems, but no more than any other normal car. I had to replace the factory battery last year, knowing factory batteries only last 3 years anyway!!!... That has been the ONLY expense on my car. At purchase, it had 26K miles, now has 82K. And of course, the timing belt blew - but it is all covered under the GM extended warranty. I can say nothing but good things about the '98 Catera! Very sleek, attractive, comfortable ride!!.. Just put a new set of tires on it - great tire wear, considering the mileage I've put on that car!..
NEVER AND I DO MEAN NEVER BUY THIS CAR.  The ride is great good acceleration(when the eletronics tell the tranny to shift properly) sent it in for repairs 3 times until i was told ..'we don't make them anymore for a reason' best bet is to trade it in...maybe you'll buy my piece of &*%$ STAY AWAY
The Catera can be am excellent used car buy, provided the owner is well-informed and prepared to deal with a European sports sedan built by Opel of Germany. Please visit the Yahoo! Catera Owners Group at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/CateraOwners for the most comprehensive information on the Web about the Cadillac Catera, including service bulletins, discount parts and repair/warranty information.
So far, this has been the best car (overall) I have had in terms of value. Before I bought, I compared Saab (93 and 95), Volvo (S40), Infiniti (I30), Audi (A4), Lexus (ES300 POS), Acura (3.2 TL), Mercedes (C class), BMW (3-series), Lincoln (LS), and drove to the Caddy dealer on a spur-of-the-moment idea, looked at a Catera, and ultimately bought one. It has not been a perfect car, but the overall quality has been good, and it had way more stuff for the same or lass money than the others I looked at. The only one that came really close was the I30, which was my other choice. Oh, my interpretation of quality is fit for the customer's intended use. One consideration for the selection I was making was maintenance schedule. I have a problem with paying lots of money for a car, and having a very expensive (approximately $600) tune-up every 30K miles. There are things I would improve on, like a lumber support for the back, and getting the damn brakes to quit squeeling. They work fine, they just shriek when applied. The radio is something else I would change, the one I have sucks. My wife's Hundai picks up LA stations that I can't get when in the home area. The car seems to have plenty of power, it's comfortable, handles well, and has been essentially reliable. My dealer has been helpful when I have had a problem. I would seriouly consider buying Cadillac again, based on the experience so far.
What the hell is up with cadillac? You,d think your buying high quality when you see the name but you better check it to it first. Or better yet, don't buy it at all.   From what I understand these cars where made over seas by Opal. So that should tell you something right there if your old enough to remember what a piece of crap they were. I will never purchase another car without checking the reviews.    All I can say is. If you like to have you car in the shop on a regular basis and you want to cut $10,000 or more off the value of car when you drive it off the lot, then the catera is your car.
find it to be very powerful.have not had to take it back since.they stand behind there cars.
I really have nothing bad to say about my catera it has 55,000 miles on it and I have had no problems what so ever.the only problem i have with the car is that it runs alittle warm but other than that its a great car to drive. Its the first cadillac I have ever owend and certainly not the last.
I should of known in the beginning when the light kept coming on for the brakes that I should have returned the car but I was told it was just a short but it turned out to be that I needed new brake pads and rotors which was around 800.00. Then the heated seats went out and water pump, pulleys and belts went out. Now it has a hard time idling. Also, now the radiator light comes on which means there is a leak or a blown head gasket and I have only had this car a little over a year. The exterior parts keep coming off so I guess eventuall I will just be left with a frame to drive. I wish they would just recall the whole car. I do believe this car is not worth a penny and the parts that keep going wrong are overly priced. This is a true lemon.
ENGINE HAS BEEN REPLACED...RADIATOR REPLACED....A/C HEAD REPLACED...HEADLAMP REPLACED....CAR HAS BEEN BAD EXPERIENCE AS HAS THE DEALERSHIP IN FERRIDAY, LA.  CURRENTLY CAR WILL NOT IDLE, SERVICE DEPARTMENT SAYS NEED NEW IDLE AIR INTAKE FOR 500.00...I THOUGHT WITH NEW MOTOR IT WOULD AT LEAST IDLE
I am in the same boat as the majority of Catera owners. I am as of right now $1200 in the hole and waiting for the 6th week for my Catera parts from Germany to arrive to complete/begin my repairs. The repairs are something to do with oil and coolant mixing. I drove this piece of junk (it didn't appear to be having any problems at that time) into the dealership for the recall (timing belt, pulley tensioner, water pump) and the dealership said that my car was not driveable and was ready to charge me a hefty $3500 for the repair. I have been a loyal customer of GM since I got my driver's license (my parents only drove Cadillacs), but never again! This car has had so many problems. I've bought 2 sets of tires, and had the headlamps replaced twice. I've lost faith in GM. This should not happen to a car that's just 8000 miles over the factory warranty. What waste of my hard earned money and just think, I don't have another car nor can I afford to rent one. I'm making monthly payments on a car that I can't drive.
AFTER PUTTING 6,000 MILES ON CAR PROBLEMS BEGIN. TOOK TO MCGINNIS CADILLAC IN HOUSTON TOLD BY SERVICE WRITER I WOULD PROBABLY GET A NEW MOTOR I HAD NOT EVEN TOLD HIM THE PROBLEM!HE SAID THEY ARE REPLACING THOUSANDS OF MOTORS UNDER`CAMPAIGN'CADILLAC SAYS MOTORS SHOULD LAST 100,000 MILES I HAVE 60,000 ON THE CAR THEY OFFERED TO PAY 40 %OF REPAIRS THEN BACKED OFF DENYING ANY HELP!WARRANTY CO. DENIED CLAIM CAUSE OF NATIONWIDE PROBLEMS WITH CATERA MOTORS!
This is the first Cadillac that I have owned and have been pleased. I was involved in a major wreck in the spring and must say that the car took quite a hit and held up well. Surprisingly, the insurance company agreed to repair the car and I still drive it daily. It does seem a little hard on tires and I do have a problem with the sunroof opening at times. To its defense, the car is comfortable to drive, allows in little road noise, has comfortable and easy to reach controls. The trunk has adequate space for most anything to be carried and the car handles well with 4 adults on board. Overall, the car has served me well and with the exception of the expected maintenance work, I have no true complaints.
I purchased my catera from a Cadillac dealer ships program cars with 13,000 miles on it, I purchased it in Dec. of 98 and it has lived in the garage at Nimnicht Cadillac in Jacksonville, Fl. I am a sales rep, so the car is driven a lot, it is serviced ever 3000 miles, the engine timing belt bled at 78,000 miles to the tune of 5800.00 dollars, last Dec.2001, then the coolant system went this past September, now the heating and air condition is gone, I have put on 4 sets of Michlin tires at 198.00 per tire, they are rotated every 6000 miles, the front strut on the right tire dropped down on the tire and in 6000 miles wore a new tire out, it cost me another tire and 518.00 to fix the front right strut, the car has not been wrecked. I still owe 14,000.00 on this car and GM offered me 3500.00 trade in on a chevrolet van. If all of you wuld like to become a part of a class action lawsuit against GM for this piece of junk, please contact me at 904-237-0115, I have a conference call lined up with a GM rep at 3:30 tomorrow 12-19-2002, I am wanting them to pay off my car or replace it with a car of equal value. I will file the suit on behalf of all of us, it is time that the manufactuers take responsiblity for what they produce and sell the public. Please call me or write to me at CrawRedhead@aol.com  Shelby J. Craw  1506 Pokeberry Way  Orange Park, Fl. 32003
I went into this eyes wide open. I knew there was a few issues but didn't realize the magnitude. The car has 34,000 miles and last week I replaced the valve cover gaskets and fan blower motor for the tidy sum of $1145. I still smell oil so it didn't solve the problem. Meanwhile, they want to do just about everything under the sun to your car. So far - new tires, new brake pads, front rotors, and sensors, new windshield (minor scratches), fixed door latch, a couple of recalls, and all in 3 months. I still need to fix the shifter cable as the key decides it doesn't want to come out on occasion and I have a laundry list of items the local Caddy dealer recomends to repair.
Same problems as the other reviews. This car must be an embarrassement to Caddilac because they wont give you a plug nickel for it when you want to trade it in. Finally traded it in on a 2003 Honda Accord at a great loss.
DO NOT BUY!! DO NOT BUY!! DO NOT BUY!!Anyone who does not have any problems with this car--- IT'S ONLY BECAUSE THE POOR SLOP AHEAD OF YOU ALREADY PAID FOR IT----. It is the WORST piece of garbage you could ever buy. We thought 'It's a Cadillac' should hold it's value. Umm-NO. We brought the car in to get new break pads. The mechanic called. When he went to check the breaks they fell off. Rusted, rotted through. Our $150.00 break job--$800.00. Had to replace everything. We smelled oil burning. Told it was valve covers. No it's not that. It's the head gasket. $5000.00 to fix(thats thousand I didn't mis-type) and that's the estimate. If you buy this car, make sure you reaaly like it because you will actually end up buying this car at least 4 more times in repairs. Cadillac really needs to recall the car and give people their money back. And that includes paying off what they owe. Because if you bought a 1998 catera, it's only worth $6000.00 at best. So they need to wipe the slate clean with this one. We don't drive it often because we can't afford to have the thing blow up on us, and we can't trade it because NO ONE IN THEIR RIGHT MIND WANTS THIS CAR!!!
This car was purchased new in Nov 1998. It has a little over 23,000 miles on it. Mr. Slaughter had the nerve to intimate that the low mileage may be the problem. It has low mileage because she can't drive it...it won't start. Since August 2002 new alternator, 2 new battery, new relays, etc., etc. It has been in the shop 10 times in the last 9 months. On 5 occasions between Aug 2002 and Nov 2002 when warranty expired. Dealership verbally promised fix car under warranty as long as the problem is documented. Now they are backing off of that. They say they fix the problem whenever it comes into shop, actually they fix the symptoms, they can't seem to find problem. Now they tell us to call Cadillac Customer Service. The problem is the same. Car won't start - goes in shop - get it back 'fixed' - 36 hours later-dead in the driveway - Car won't start. Shop says they can't 'duplicate' the problem. (Well they duplicated it in my driveway yesterday. Don't know what it is, but it did it in front of service manager.) Is that a new word for we know we have a major problem with this vehicle, but it is too expensive to recall. My mom's 75 years old. She purchased this vehicle because she always believed what my dad said. Cadillac is the best. She thought this would be a safe car with the OnStar -no matter where she drove. Well it's safe in the driveway. The dealership has been less than honest when they say they haven't seen this problem before. I also spoke with GM-Cadillac Customer Service (I am the daughter that has to make the phone calls because my mother cries now everytime we mention the car problems), the man I spoke with Mr. Jonathan Slaughter was less than helpful - he told me that we would need to take the car to another dealership and have it diagnosed at my mom's expense, and if it was a warranty issue they would then discuss what to do. I think Mr. Slaughter got an 'A+' in 'stonewalling the customer' in Customer Service Training School. Frankly, I don't trust that another dealership will be any more successful than Wood Cadillac at figuring it out. That's good money after bad in my book. He also said: 'that they would abosolutely not 'buy back' this vehicle. That is not an option'. I ask to speak with his supervisor - he doesn't have one, he speaks for Cadillac. My mom can't afford to purchased another car. My mom needs to go to the doctor, to the pharmacy, to pick up her grandson to visit (he is 7). She can't afford to take this vehicle to another Cadillac dealership and pay for them to 'try' to find out what is wrong with the car. I have a bad feeling Cadillac knows what is wrong with this car, they just don't want the expense of admitting to a poor design, poor redesign, bad customer service, recalls etc. We will never buy another GM product...ever. Our friends and family will know about this problem, and I will guarantee that they will never buy another Cadillac. After reading the reviews (that I didn't know about in 1998) I am now worried for my mom's safety in this vehicle. It sounds like this car is not only a LEMON it is also DANGEROUS. I will continue this fight for my mom and other senior citizens who get run over by corporations who are banking on their customer loyalty. Any class action suit please contact us. There are presently 189 reviews about this car, 10% give it a good rating, the rest are horrifying. DO NOT BUY CADILLACS. I will contact Attorney General, AARP, Consumer Protection, Seven on Your Side (TV) whatever it takes to get GM to own up to their coverup of this LEMON the Cadillac CATERA. Do you know anyone on Board of Directors? Do you know anyone with class action going forward? I will give a copy of the 180+ reviews to Wood Cadillac, maybe they can use that information to figure out what is wrong with this vehicle. P.S. Mom still paying on this vehicle.  DarleneGobert@aol.com
yes, it was pretty when we bought it. all the options with the heated seats, sun/moon roof, adjustable temperature for driver and passenger, chrome wheels, and even the shade that comes up for the rear drivers!! needless to say, yes, all the prettiness amounts to a lot of money spent out to keep the car running....
I wish I would have read a review on this car before purchasing. The transmission is jacked, the lights work when they want, the ride gets worse by the day, the front end is about to fall apart, and the heated seats do not work. This has all ocurred since October. Most recently, the key has been getting stuck in the ignition and major rust is popping up. Getting another Acura as soon as I can get rid of 'the car that zigs...sits.' If anyone knows of any class action or whatever be sure to let me know. mrsmith1999@aol
I must admit I was lucky...I had no problems up until it was out of warranty...and the extended warranty would have done me no good.. I'm so glad I didn't waste that money! But at 55k, there go then pulleys, water pump...and the engine... It wasn't being covering under 'silent recall' at the time so I said hey, 'what the heck, I'll fix it, nobody else is havin a problem'.. $6,000 gone, but hey it's a Cadillac right? I still see 77 Deville's rolling around. Then they recall it. This was in almost 12 months after I got it fixed. Has Cadillac reimbursed me yet? HELL NO! They want me to do this, and send them that. I had a slew of problems with this German made disaster..At 70k the transmission goes...so on and so on...but here's something you don't here everyday, good news about a Catera. At 78k that death trap/money pit/collosal blunder is gone! Will I ever buy Cadillac again? Highly unlikely...Cadillac should cut all Catera owners a $30,000 check for wrongdoing and pain and suffering!! If not, can you say CLASS ACTION?!?
The Catera was a great idea on paper but its execution in the US domestic was a real disappoint. Where I was somewhat skeptical in buying this car for the shear fact that I feared that the build quality would not be comparable to that of other German bred sports sedans, I often wish that I had bite the bullet, paid the higher insurance premium and bought the 3 serires BMW. Interesting, I test drove the touring edition of an Infiniti J30 and chose the Catera for is better handling, tighter steering, and the Eagle RSA's which have proven to be far superior in wet weather traction than any tire I have ever driven. Other aspects of the Catera that I found superior to other cars in its class was it 'glued to the road' handling. If you are an experieced real wheel configuration driver. Handling this car is a piece of cake.     So where in my opinion does this car fail. Built quality. At over 30,000 a car that cracks light bulbs faster than a squirel is able to devour a bag of peanuts, is a car that didn't get alot of attention to detail.   At 16K this car is a steal for the level of luxury and performance you get. Still there are aspects of the car that will force you to always wonder if the BMW or the Mercedes would have been a better choice. Do not compare this vehicle to front wheel drive Japanese sports sedans, they are not the same. This is German Bred sports sedan and should only be compared with its peer group.
Purchased as a demo in 1998, no problems until after 4 year warranty expired. While on vacation over 700 miles from home, with milage at 46,000 miles, the transmission went. $3,600 to fix. What really makes me angry is that I had it into the dealer 10 days prior to this and told them had problems with sluggish performance and they could not find it. I have a call into my lawyer now.
The cater by far is the worst car i had an 1984 Lincoln town car that never gave me any problems just sold it 2 weeks ago and still running my F-150 97 still no problem and it has 120,000 miles on it only is dirty fuel filter and needed a good tune up my cadillac has 50,000 miles on it and barely runs Sometimes when you are filling the tank up it just start comin out at you like its full and I have went through three new batteries in which all have went dead 1 new alternator which cost $900 dollars from the deal in the 3 years i have owned it i have spent about 2,000 in repairs all in all I will never in my life buy another cadillac in my life I personally am looking at a LINCOLN which will probably last forever un like my CADILLAC
I purchased my 98' cadillac catera in  july 1999, with about 30,000 miles.The car is very fun to drive and has a strong engine and tight handling.I have driven the car to about 65,000 miles, with no major problems. The only problems were minor(a bad antifreeze sensor, a serpentine belt recall, and a worn down brake pad).I had MANY more problems with my 92' lincoln continental(rebuilt engine, new front air springs, ect)
Thank god for extended warrantee. The car falls apart the minute you turn the switch. Great look and ride, when it's running. Usually you're running to the machanic. NOT your typical Caddy. It should be painted yellow as this lemon leaves a sour taste in your.....life. My last Cadillac for sure. Toyota here I come. Who do I sell this to though? It may not make it to the junk yard. You need only buy one tool to fix this car, a sledge hammer.
First couple of months car ran great no problems. Then had an engine component failure (timing belt tensioner) covered under warranty plus had 2 dash lights replaced and AC blower fan fixed but come to find out the dealer did not fix the fan only replaced a fuse. I ended up taking the blower fan out myself to find the motor had actually been rubbing against metal, somehow the assenbly came undone and probably caused the short to blow the fuse. I've driven this for about 1 yr since i bought it then all these problems arised out of nowhere. At the time of purchase the car was under warranty and had 30,000 miles on it not a bad deal but to be honest I bought this car on impulse because I liked the styling and the interior. I will think twice about this next time I buy a used vehicle and check its reliability history.
Heat did not work, was fixed  Heat quit, was fixed  Heat quit...  Seat heater shorted out and burned me.  Canada not known for balmy winters...  Need 1000$ front end work...for sale!  Constant source of minor repair with moldings falling off and ashtray inoperative, cup holder failed...little  things that combined with major front end  repair and did I mention NO HEAT...
I hate this car! period! All I can say, never buy a used catera! If anything goes wrong with this car, you better be prepared to fork out serious cash!. There is no need to explain everything that I have been through with this car. THIS IS MY ADVISE:   DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!! DONT BUY A USED CATERA!!!
This car sucks! It's not worth it. I wanted to trade it in for a truck and blue book value was only $4500. I cant believe it depreciated so much. Not to mention this car is awful in the winter.
This vehicle is a complete waste of money. It has been in the shop more than 45 times in 5 years all service is well documented. Parts for this vehicle are atronomically expensive. This vehicle has cost me more than 3000 in three months and not to mention that the re-sale value is non-existent. I cannot express how much disappointment I have in this brand. Although the dealership and customer service has been very helpful but really how much can they really do?
This luxury car requires luxurious pockets. I just traded it in for a new Honda Element. I really liked how this car drives and interior is superb, however, it scared the heck out of me with the strange noises it was producing.
This car is a piece of junk. Cadillac should be sued for putting it on the street. I have had to replace the radiator,cooling system, the coolant mixes with the oil and oozes a brown sludge, this has happened a number of times with great amounts of steam and sludge bubbling out of the car. It stays in the shop more tha it's out. the mechanics don't know what to do with it. Armen of Ardmore the dealership would not even talk to me until I filed a claim with the Attorney General. they still will not get me out of the deal, they should have just taken this car back and scrapped it. I just got it back from being in the shop the whole summer and guess what the check engine light is on again. i am going to roll it to the first place that i can get rid of it. I will never buy another GM vehicle again.
I purchased this car from Classic Chevrolet in Owasso Oklahoma about a year ago and I have truly enjoyed the car. It had 48,000 when i purchased it and I also purchased an extended warranty. I have had one small problem with the car and it was a minor repair covered with the extended warranty. I feel that the extended warranty is a must but with that in my back pocket, I am driving the heck out of this car with no worries. I read all the reviews before buying this car and I bought the warranty with the idea that I will enjoy this car for the life of the extended warranty and then I will be in a position to get out of the vehicle if I need to. With all that said, I have driven just about all the major brands of luxury vehicles and I am just as satisfied with this caterra as I was with my Acura Legend. By the way, I truly believe the dealership makes the difference. When I did have the car in for it's one and only repair, Classic Chevrolet gave me a rental car no questions asked and they fixed my car promptly with no questions asked. P.S.-- If you will do your scheduled maintenance on this car, as with any car, it WILL perform to your wishes.
If negative equity is what you want in a car then this is the car for you. My wife wanted this car and loved the looks so I gave in and brought one. We were pretty happy until around 36000 miles(near the end of our warranty) and all hell broke loose. We brought it because we thought since it was a Cadillac it would keep its value.(Wrong)I am so disappointed and have had to much work done to mention. On my last call to the dealership I was told that the car had been real good to me because i actually got to 96000 miles on it. As if that was more than the average. I guess I was just expecting a little to much from the Cadillac name.
Loved the way my catera looked and the way it ride but the maintence on this car and problems never died. after you spend as much money as i did in maintaining this car you too will be emotional in the end..
Bought it off the show room floor. Had to be towed the first day. Back 14 times in the first year. Remote does not work. Warning Lights come on all the time. Can't afford to buy another car. Has 35,00 miles on it.
This car is everything I was not expecting. From the time I bought it from my sister to now. I have had nothing but trouble with this car. I have put over $2000 of repairs in this car. It looks great in the driveway but is nothing for reliability or quality. When I bought this car I thought I was getting a superior car, after all it was a Cadillac. I contacted Cadillac to seek assistance but they refused to help. This is my first Cadillac and more than likely my last. You would think Cadillac would be more proactive in taking care of its customers. This car is junk and should be recalled. Cadillac I hope your reading these reviews.
just like most german cars,this car has maint. issues.i have spent a few dollars  for small nagging repairs but my car had  75k on it when i bought it.thanks to my previous owner,he left all service records  in the car for review.the most notorious thing was the oxygen sensors.he replaced them all(4)but the parts carry a lifetime warranty so as you can imagine,it was a very smooth transition.this car has been as fun as my other german cars but the most important part of the used car purchase is how the previous owner cared for it.this car is no different than benzes and bmers.they cost alot to keep running.this car handles just as well all around performance is good.one thing though. this is not a caddy.it is an opel.if you expect a cadillac dont buy it if you expect a german sports car, buy it!
I haven't had my car for very long, but so far I love it! I absolutely love having the Xenon headlights, that would have to be my favorite thing on my car. It is a big difference when I go to valet my Catera versus my 98 Accord. The only problem I have had so far, is my glove box is making some squeeking noise, and it is really annoying. I had it in one time and they said they fixed it, but it is still doing it, so back it goes. I want everyone to know that it is not only the Catera's that are having problems, we also have a STS that has been in the shop more times then in my brothers driveway. 
After leasing the Catera for only 2 months, I am completely satisfied and still loving the 'new car feel'.  I hope that all the kinks I've read about on earlier models have been worked out, but with only a 3 year lease and a 50,000 mile warranty, I feel confident that any major problem will be taken care of. 
After leasing the Catera for only 2 months, I am completely satisfied and still loving the 'new car feel'.  I hope that all the kinks I've read about on earlier models have been worked out, but with only a 3 year lease and a 50,000 mile warranty, I feel confident that any major problem will be taken care of. 
Although I don't have much experience with this car, I am very happy with it and hope to continue to be.  The dealership folks seem very nice and we hope to  have a good relationship with them for warranty checks.  I especially like the appearance inside and out.  
just like most german cars,this car has maint. issues.i have spent a few dollars  for small nagging repairs but my car had  75k on it when i bought it.thanks to my previous owner,he left all service records  in the car for review.the most notorious thing was the oxygen sensors.he replaced them all(4)but the parts carry a lifetime warranty so as you can imagine,it was a very smooth transition.this car has been as fun as my other german cars but the most important part of the used car purchase is how the previous owner cared for it.this car is no different than benzes and bmers.they cost alot to keep running.this car handles just as well all around performance is good.one thing though. this is not a caddy.it is an opel.if you expect a cadillac dont buy it if you expect a german sports car, buy it!
I had to write as I bought a catera and have had nothing but GREAT results with it. It runs great, rides great and have had NO problems at all. I was surprised to read all the bad reviews on this car. Maybe I was lucky but I LOVE this car. I had owned a Lincoln and a Jeep and this is the nicest best running of them all.
I bought this car in March of '05. It had 95,000 on it and now has 101,000. Things I have had to replace are, stop light switch, radiator, spark plugs and wires and the battery. I bought the service manuals so I could save a little money. I've spent close to $1k on it. The leveling light comes on with 2 or more people in the car. An older couple had a wheel chair holder mounted on the back end by Uhaul. I have since taken that off. But I don't know why the light still comes on. I am afraid to take it to the dealer. If you buy American, buy Lincoln. I used to sell them.
I just my bought Catera a month ago from Oak brook toyota in Westmont Illinois. The car had only 27000 miles. after read all bad view about catera,i was kind scare, but So far so good idon't have any problem with it, untill now i only changed oil and air filter, and previous owner did all recall from cadillac, hopefully I'm the lucky owner that don't have to go through like many other catera ownner. To me this is the best car i ever onwed.
I wish i wouldve read these reviews before i purchased, test drove the car around the block purchased it. After i gave them my money and feeled out all of the paper work, i go to leave as a proud owner and the car wouldnt start. It acted as if it was out of gas, so we tried and tried even refueling with gas. So after about an hours of them fooling with it, it started, so as i am on my way home it just cuts off. So what im i going to do now. To keep a long story short i had to get the car towed home and it is still parked, it starts but then it cuts off. The dealer acts as if they dont know me or they are not responsible the car is sold as-is without no warrenty. Please someone help me with this problem where do i begin to start it will cost me another $75 to have it towed to the shop and then $65 hour for them to play with it. What could this problem be i an in desprite need for this car and i am out of money so i cant afford to take it to the shop.
I bought this car from the original owner about three years ago with 21k miles on it. Now it's got 82k and still going strong. My total repair cost thus far has been $900 for the expected water bypass valve replacement, a timing belt change, and a couple small electrical problems. I honestly can't understand what all these complaints are about. If you have basic mechanics skills and take good care of your catera you shoudn't have too much trouble. Seriously, one of the complaints is that the car needed new plugs and wires at 134k! I am not saying that the catera doesnt have any flaws, but some of these reviews are getting carried away. Another review makes light of the 02 sensor costing $100 vs. his proir cars $15. That's because the caddy like many new cars has stepped up to a wide band 02 sensor that cost over $100 no matter what car it's in. The Catera is an entry level luxury car. I'm willing to bet that many of these reviews were left by people who's Catera was their first Cadillac and their first luxury car. So heres some news for you newbies out there... Luxury cars, especially Caddy's, cost alot to maintain and repair. That's just the way it is.
I just bought this car for $4,000. Ealier, I was prepared to buy a 1996 Honda Accord for the same price. My cadilac had 61,000 mi and the Honda had 140,000 mi. I never thought I would find a deal like this. When I first got it, there was a leak in the vaccum valve,... A $600 repair, but my nice and very friendly dealer included the repair price into the price of the purchase so I never paid anymore than $4,000 anyway. But since the rapair, it floats down the road, sounds really good, never had any other problems with it. Plus, I have a 100,000 mile 5 yr Warranty on it with a $100 deductible... So as far as the pricy repairs,... No more than $100 for me!!! I love my car...
I inherited this car from my grandfather when he passed away. It had 55k on it, now has 57k. I have not put too much money into it in repairs, rather extra things to make it look nice. It drives awesome. I added a custom bolt on turbo kit so I can easily burn any standard cars. I added 35% tint all around and some new halogen bulbs. I plan on blacking out the car with a body kit, black paint, and some black wheels. If you're looking for a slick and quick/fast ride that's easily upgradeable, I cannot stress enough the value in purchasing this car.
Purchased the Catera new. Had driven it as an Opel in Germany back in 1994. I think it was an excellent value even when new. Has not been totally trouble free, but it is a machine and machines do breakdown from time to time. I have 56,000 miles on it and have replaced the brakes twice (mostly city driving) and the battery once. Other than that just a few minor repairs. The car currently has a trade in value of a little over $3K. Would never give it up for that amount. I think the poor resale value makes well maintained Catera's a real steal.
Well, shortly after the hurricane, I was tight on cash so this was the car I ended up purchasing... I was attracted by small features the car had... I purchased this car with 101K and a broken radio... At the time I thought I could get it fixed... I wasn't aware of the reputation these cars had at the time... Anyways, Christmas of '05, I drove this car from Shreveport to Memphis and did a turn around... Took about 12hrs doing an average of 120mph... Later that day, drove to Houston to see family... Few days after, went to Arlington and continued back to Shreveport, on to Memphis again, then to New Orleans... All at 120... Finally got pulled over leaving New Orleans to Shreveport doing 118... The engine was very strong and never let me down... Later found out I had an oil leak... My girlfriend was driving the car on day and barely tapped the parking cement block... Few days later, car overheated shooting Dexcool from the closed radiator... Turns out, that small tap cracked the oil cooler, mixing oil and Dexcool... To much to fix, traded it in ($500) for a Mazda6...
I bought the car about 2 year ago. It looked brand new with less than 30k miles. In the first month I had to spent close to $ 2,000 replacing power steering pump, valve cover gasket, AC. It was a very bad start. With less than 60k miles the transmission had to be rebuild $2,500. This is my wife car and she drive very carefully. AAMCO could not explain why the trainy went bad. Another sensor went bad a month after that ($500). I tought my ford was bad.... I am trading the car in. I am very dissapointed with this car. Because of that I will never buy a Cadillac again. It is a big piece of crap. Still looking excellent but mechanically is very problematic. My honest advice avoid this car.
I haven't purchased the car yet - but I have to say, I have NEVER in my life went to purchase a car and had a USED CAR DEALER tell me this isn't the car for me! He actually came out and told the truth that this model/year of Cadillac isn't worth the cheap price despite the low miles (less than 50,000)!!! He said he couldn't figure out why the buyers bought it at the auction since the car has such a tremendously poor reputation for reliability! He went on to say that he didn't want to jeopardize his reputation this early in his career buy selling anyone anything like the piece of crap it is! I was like WOW! Needless to say, I bought a Honda with double the miles on it instead and haven't had one single problem!!! SCARY!!!!
The car was in very good shape. The body had no issues and the interior was just short of new. I had a couple of consumer related problems that were fixed for under $500 and the car seems to be running fine. If I drive in snow, I put it in sport mode and it drives reasonably well in those conditions. Overall, for what I paid, (it had 107K miles on it), I'm quite pleased. My mechanic felt it was a good investment as well.
I have had this car for a day and a half, and the test drive yesterday was fine. The 'abs' and 'traction control' light on the dash stayed on during the test drive(about 2 miles only). The guy at the dealership said these stayed on when he drove it too, as this was a trade in for one of his high-end cars. He said it was possibly a dirty sensor, I was skeptical, but I knew some people with test equipment and such, so I bought the car. The car drove really well, and my wife loved it too. I bought the car with cash, and got the title before I left the dealership, so this thing was all mine. On the way home, I noticed those two lights on, but the Speedometer wasn't working now. After about 5 miles, the two lights on the dash went off, but the check engine light came on and the speedometer started working. The next morning, I went out and checked it and drove it a little, and now all three light fluctuate on and off, and the speedometer has a mind of its own. I hope this can be fixed cheap, because I like the car in general.
It's a great car, no problems with it whatsoever, have put over 6k miles since i bought it. (has 71k) great looks, performance, handling, ride, NVH,
Where do I start? I have owned a lot of cars in my lifetime but none have let me down as much as this car. I have had $500 cars that were more reliable than this one. I bought it as a lease turn in. I figured that with a name like Cadillac as the manufacturer I would be safe. Was I ever in for a ride. Well, sort of. When it is running it is a lot of fun to drive. Unfortunately that is the exception rather than the rule. The brake lights have gone out twice, $250 to replace the switch each time, The cooling system flopped on me, $1000 to repair (of course it wasn't covered under one of the numerous recalls), The head gasket and valve cover gaskets had to be replaced, $1700, not to mention the day time running lamps, door locks, power windows, battery replacements, door hinges, and now the oil pump is gone. What has Cadillac done for me? Nothing, nada, zilch, zero. Worst part for Cadillac is I was the target they were trying to reach with this car. Youngish (late 30's) with a family, and looking to establish a loyalty to a brand.     So where does this experience with my first Cadillac product leave me? I would say looking at a Acura, Lexus or Infinity for my next car. Not only have I given up on Cadillac but since Cadillac is supposed to be the flagship of the General Motors line, that pretty much excludes GM from my consideration. This is too bad too. The people that I deal with at my local dealership are wonderful to work with. Conscientious and caring and willing to do what they can to try to make me happy. Unfortunately, they are dealing with a poorly designed product and no matter how hard they try to keep it on the road for me, it isn't going to happen.
I purchased this vehicle with ALL the recalls handled by the original owner. It had ONLY 30k miles on it and I placed an addtional 40k miles on it only 2 years later. In other words I did not drive it much and the original owner took very good care of it. However, the Check Engine Light played tricks on me, and eventually one day the radiator overheated on the freeway and after I took it into the dealership I was told that it was going to cost me over 4 grand to get the engine repaired (they claim the head gaskets blew and needed new manifolds, etc. etc.). I can't believe I didn't even get the vehicle past 75k miles before it had major issues. I am sooooo tired of GM/Chevrolet/Cadillac (American Made) motors...what poor workmanship is put into our cars..sheesh..time to go back to foreign made quality vehicles (and I really hate to say this).
This is car is JUNK plain and simple...My grandfather bought this heap of junk brand new with 10 miles on it, he became ill and gave me the car with 20,000 miles on it...and to tell you the truth I wish I never even accepted it, it has cost me so much money, between tires, brakes, the head lights burning out every 4 months, the water pump, the oxygen sensor, the oil leak and coolant leak....Oh and I forgot I was with out it for a whole 2 months while the Cadillac dealer tried to figure out why the car would die in the middle of the highway!!! Sounds fun huh?!? I would not sell this piece of $&^% to my enemy! The car looks nice and really thats about it1 If anyone can give me information on the water pump it cost me $577.00 to replace I have read a few things about a recall, I called GM today when I found this site, and they said they never had a recall on it, well if there is one I would like to be reimburst for the $577.00..PLEASE HELP!!
Wow,where do I start! Had it 4 years with 60k miles and it is the joke around my wifes work,I guess your car is in the shop again!  Replaced O2 sensors 15 times,water pump 3 times , valve cover gaskets, head light adjustments broken,floorboard filled up with rain water,and now I havent driven the car for 2 months and guess whats wrong now? The water cooling coil in the oil pan is leaking oil into the radiator,just paid to fix it (1267.00) Has any one heard of a recall on this repair? Well my repairs goes on and on bit I won't bore you with all of them,Just hope you all read this and stay away from the Catera-ble.If you own one that is running ,SELL IT NOW !!!
Just to add to the list of things wrong with the Catera, here is a simplified list and costs associated with this car.    New engine because of failed water pump at 49,000 miles.  $200 deductible    Headlight holders broke on their own to hold headlights in.  $775    Purchased used engine with 17K miles to replace blown engine at 94K miles.  $5,000 (includes installation)    Engine tear down to determine why engine blew  $195    Battery- twice   $280    Engine light on - couldn't figure out why   $95    Coolant leak  $370    Generator assembly  $695 - on warranty    Oxygen sensor  $350 - on warranty    Outside temp sensor  Replaced twice  $350    Fuel filter replacement  $55    Trunk part to fix light coming on  $40    Now my ABS/TC lights came on and I would loose power steering and speedometer...I took it to the dealer and they told me that it was a speedometer module of which they replaced and then called and said that wasn't it and wanted $2000 to replace the steering computer module....this was after they charged me $350 to fix nothing. He told me my speedometer was off by 6 mph.    Since then (two weeks) my temp control for air and heat doesn't work properly. You set it at 60 degrees its cold..go up to 65 degrees and its hot. Dealer said $1000 to fix module.
This car has been an absolute disaster.  The water pump failed as we arrived home  following purchase. The car had 64k miles.  The water pump was on recall and Cadillac  replaced the pump but charged for the   Belt the water pump destroyed. $193.  Car was purchased in Feb 04, Mar 04 had  to replace the heater control value, $953.  I believe the heater control value and  some leaking oil cooler seals were related to the water pump failure.  Mar 04, Cadillac could not determine why  the car would randonly skip on cranking  cold. Replaced the spark plugs, wires and  coil park, $1000+. Problem was still there. Began to notice a red sticky  liquid on the garage floor shortly after  the water pump was replaced. We have not  been able to enjoy the car one day since  purchase. We never drive it farther than  we can walk back (no kidding). The car  is gold with tan leather - beautiful to  look at. The damn thing will just not  stay together. My five previous Cadillacs  have been DeVills and Sevilles and have  been great cars with MPG 28 or better.   The Catera was just over 20 MPG the one  time we were able to check it. I have   not filled the tank in the past several  months. I just buy 5 gal at a time and  the Kelly Blue Book Value goes up and  down with the gas level in the tank.    I intend to sue Cadillac, the Selling   Dealer and the Cadillac Dealers who   have worked on the cars. The Cadillac  Dealers do not appear to have properly  trained mechanics for the Catera.     The car is sitting in the garage now.  We cannot drive. Water in the oil.   The Cadillac Dealer wants about $3000   for head gaskets (if that is all that  is wrong with the engine). If I were   to spend that $3000 I would have spent  more than the Kelly Blue Book Value on  the car in repairs and have not driven  it but 4,000 miles in 8 months. We bought  the Catera as a commute car to keep miles  off our Seville. The Seville makes the   trip every day with better Mpg and much   better comfort, and more pep, automatic  windshield wippers, features, etc.     If anyone has experience with a similiar  engine problem (and no cooperation from  Cadillac) would appreciate hearing what  you got resolved and how.      I would not recommend the Catera to   anyone. Cadillac should be charged with  Corporate Malfeasance. They had to know  the Catera was a piece of junk just   slammed together in Germany with an   engine from England and Transmission from  France.     Never buy a low-end 'Cadillac.' Low-end  Cadillacs have always been something else  modified with the Cadillac Name on it.   The Catera is not Cadillac Quality. This  negative experience has turned me away  from Cadillac forever.
What can I say? I have joined a long list of people who have gotten taken in by the Catera's looks only to be let down by it's dependability. (or lack thereof)    I bought this car with 53,000 miles on it. By 59,000 miles the transmission blew and had to be replaced. By 68,000 the engine went.     What happened was the water pump leaked (under recall) which put that new red coolant onto the timing belt. (under recall) The timing belt snapped most likely because the new style coolant eats rubber. (real smart move there huh?) Anyway since the Catera has an Interference engine when the timing belt snapped it left the valves open. Of course that means they got slammed and the valves got bent. Most likely the piston was slammed which is why they are saying the engine is shot.     I am now told that it will cost Cadillac more to fix/replace the engine than what the car is worth so for the past 3 weeks my car has just sat at a Cadillac dealer while we are waiting on a determination from Cadillac as to what to do. The worse thing is I still owe on this car for another 4 years.    Now I do have to say that the people at Cadillac (the office, not the dealership) have been very nice to date and I do hope that we can reach some kind of amicable agreement as to what to do about this car.    I can not reccomend that anyone purchases a 98 Catera based on what I have gone through with mine. As I said before the timing belt, water punp and tensioners are all under recall. Lord only knows what else. The engine that came with the car is discontinued and the new engine they put in it causes the check engine light to stay on even though there is nothing wrong with the car. (a big no-no in the state of Pennsylvania because if the check engine light is on they cannot emmisions test it which means even if they put a new engine in the car I'll only be able to drive it for a couple of months until the inspection is due again)    I'll keep everyone informed as to what finally happens.
When I think of the 1997 Catera I have, all I could think of is problems. Ever since I bought this car it has been breaking down. The whole engine has been changed. It still breaks down! I can't afford to fix it anymore, it just sits in my driveway, undrivable. If you have a 1997 Catera, don't bother fixing it. They will put the same bad parts in it, for a lot of money. It's a horrible car! It is worth nothing in the blue book. Don't bother.
Explain to me how Cadillac can sell such an inferior auto and get away with it. Like most reviews on this site, I cannot drive this vechle more than five miles from my home in fear of a breakdown. The dealer service center acts as this is not a cadillac and they are annoyed when you   bring it in for anything. They got their money, now go away is their attitude. Where are the Government agencies, state lemon laws etc, to protect us from such a situation. I have beem victomized by GM.I presently own 2 other GM autos and within the next 12 months I will own no GM autos and never will again. I always preach to buy American. Wrong again.
I bought a 1997 Cadillac Catera from my father. I am really scared of the car. Its value is dropping by the minute. The car now has an inch or so of water behind the passenger seat and on the passenger floor. Lights are out all over the place
i hope all the bad reviews on this car are all due to lack of maint.  i just bought my 97' a month ago,it has 58000on it,and its been in the shop already{cadillac paid forit by the way}  due to a recall.  but other than that,it's the nicest caddy   i have ever owned.{had a 84'eldorado}  i love this car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hope all the bad reviews on this car are all due to lack of maint.  i just bought my 97' a month ago,it has 58000on it,and its been in the shop already{cadillac paid forit by the way}  due to a recall.  but other than that,it's the nicest caddy   i have ever owned.{had a 84'eldorado}  i love this car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Warning!!!! do not buy one of these cares unless of course its mine!  This car is junk. I have had to replace the ENTIRE cooling system TWICE due to the oil cooler leaking oil into the cooling system. Ive had to replace the Brake Switch $$. The harmonic balancer had to be replaced. The brakes themselves are terribly expensive. 300 just for the pads themselves + labor. I had to have the transmission worked on @ 2600.00$ I had to have the steering knuckle replaced. 1400$ The car started smoking and missing and wouldnt run at all due to some sort of sensor. Now I need to replace both front struts and the tie rods, estimate is 1300$. The car naturally runs hot (or so Im told) which causes the engine oil to overheat in the Texas summer. This causes the oil light to come on, or so Im told this is why its coming on. The driver side air bag is out of air. Im not fixing it. Brake lights constantly burn out. Its just goes on and on and on. The car now has just a little over 87K on it. Word of advice, sell it if you can... even if you sell it at a loss you will come out wayyyy ahead. Mine is being traded in tomorrow for a well built good quality Japanese car!!!!!!!  oh yeah, I almost forgot...and the paint job is also inferior to most cars on the market.
THis is the BIGGEST piece of CRAP car. If you buy one, expect it to break down regularly and bend over and grap you ankles because you are gonna take it up the $%& on repair. OH and since the parts for the car are not regularly carried at auto parts stores, whip out the CC for a rental for several days until you can get the piece of crap back
would like to know how to increase the milage in the city it sucks is ther anything to increase the milage otherwise runs ok after 10 stops to the dealer for leaks ect thank you frank lancon
would like to know how to increase the milage in the city it sucks is ther anything to increase the milage otherwise runs ok after 10 stops to the dealer for leaks ect thank you frank lancon
would like to know how to increase the milage in the city it sucks is ther anything to increase the milage otherwise runs ok after 10 stops to the dealer for leaks ect thank you frank lancon
would like to know how to increase the milage in the city it sucks is ther anything to increase the milage otherwise runs ok after 10 stops to the dealer for leaks ect thank you frank lancon
Wow, in attempting to find out information on our latest problem with our '97 Catera I came apon this and am glad we weren't the only people who have made a poor expensive choice in purchasing a car! We purchased our car new off the lot and I have personally washed her every week since. Yes, this car eats the tires and replacements are not easy to get and are not cheap our dealership said they couldn't align the front end or get us tires the second time we were in for tire replacement, or was it the third. It also drinks the coolant, I have no idea where it is going, only know it smells hot every time I turn the thing off. I have begun to forget all of things we have had it in the shop for, it is becoming a miserable blurrrr. I wish I had a nickle or even a penny for every minute I waited in the repair waiting room. When one of the two water pumps went out we even had to wait a week for a new one to be shipped from Europe! We have also had the heater valve fail, at first the service rep didn't believe such a thing could happen, coolant dumping out from under the hood when the air conditioner was turned on, got to teach him just one more thing that would need to be fixed on a Catera. Currently the thing is leaking transmission fluid and the fuel pump just went out. Oh but all you have to do is bang on the gas tank while someone else cranks it over and she will start. So remember to always carry a rubber hammer, you could be next. I think I forgot to mention the brakes, that was another trip to the rapairman and after about 6 months with new everything they have begun to squeal again. These repairs are not convenient or cheap.
I bought this car on a total impulse. I didn't research or review anything. Fortunately I have only had one MAJOR problem with this car, the oil cooler went 14 days after owning it. Of course North Shore would not help, so it cost me $800 to have Metro Cad fix it. After that I have had no real problems with it. The sun roof has stopped on a couple of occations. Remotes are terrible, two new batteries in less that 6 months. Chews through tires like candy. Tires were new at purchase and are now starting to cup. I rotate every 500 miles or bi-weekly. Front brakes go fast!! Check often. I too have a hot smell coming from the engine compartment after driving. That started after the oil change and tranny fluid change. Tranny flush and fill is $100!! Pricey to maintain!!!! Went to the oil lube loint and was told they needed a 'special wrench' to change the oil. What is that about? I was going to buy a Taurus SHO but bought this instead.. I am getting the SHO in spring of 04. I am not trying to slam the car but it is HIGH maintenance. I can do better for my buck.
PS, traction control works fantastic!! Got my self out of a very stuck situation with it.
This is my daughters first car, it's the WORST!!! We've only had it for 5 months and already over $4000! Thank god I bought a warrenty for it online. What frustrates me the most is that they so saw us coming! Women! yeah...we'll sell the piece of crap to them, they won't know. Not only did I pay nearly $3000 more than whats it worth, I can't even sell it to take a loss (it's only worth $4000,that's mint condition)!!! Transmission was fixed (that went the 2nd month) Head gaskets, brake light will not work due to something electrical, passanger seat caught on fire (something electrical with the seat warmers, now the heating/cooling quit working, the rpm's and gas gage don't work and the steering wheel is so loose you have to have both hands on the steering wheel. The worst part is, my daughter and I can't afford to fix it so we'll be making payments on a car that sits in are driveway! Please! don't buy this car....PLEASE!
After reading the reviews of the catera i thought i would be the rare owner of a good catera. I have owned it for 9 months and it has been problem free. i appreciate it is not along time but i feel i may have a good un'!!. it has only needed a new remote keyfob replaced and this is not a car issue and was replaced under warranty anyway.My catera is approching 10 years old with 82000 miles under its belt and just had it professionally valeted and the forest green paintwork looks fresh and glossy. The leather is in tip top condition and it feels tight so build quality is very good.I just have a feeling that with other reports im due some mechanical issues soon........pray for me !!.
So far, no problems. Front passenger window stopped working yesterday but is fine this morning. Car had 71,000 miles on it when we bought it. We've put about 1000 on it ourselves. It's a blast to drive. Kind of sluggish off the line, but at around 2000-3000 rpm it starts to haul. It will reach 90 very quickly. I don't use the sport mode much because with it it seems to lose any top end performance it has in normal mode and I don't want to over-rev this car, especially with twin cams. After reading a LOT of negative reviews of this car I felt I had to post my own. So far a very good car. If I could find another in this good of shape I would buy it (if it was a little bit cheaper than what I paid for this one).
We just got rid of our 97 Catera--- a big weight lifted off our shoulders--- I swear this car was possessed.So many problems one after another with that car and we took good care of it. Never would buy another Cadillac ever again, I just feel bad for the person that has it now!!!!!! My advice to anyone even thinking of buying a Catera-- DON'T DO IT- IT WILL BE YOUR BIGGEST REGRET!
Drove back to big H from Ft L.1200 miles smooth as silk accept for dr. side window problem fix at home. AC leaked out, fixed with hose replacement. Radiator dev. a leak, replaced OK.Now PURRS.. Market price on Catera makes it a deal. Found local shop run by Chinaman & Jap who are the best I ever seen.Excellent problem solvers w/o BS.The car drives better than my new Toyota Camry which stalls when u give it gas.Back to Catera as u can find good parts deals on Ebay vs Cadillac.Some fixes or very simple. This is a very attractive luxuary car, excellent interior design.Made in Germany and drives like sport lux. class.Great bang for the buck...
After 2 years of ownership I can proudly say I love my catera. You can't find another car like it for the price. 200hp DOHC V6, huge 4 wheels disc brakes, OD auto 4 speed, and rear wheel drive make this thing awsome to drive. Smooth as can be at any speed. I've put 31k on her so far without a hitch. Thankfully the harmonic damper recall work was performed before I purchased it. I'm not happy with the trunk release button failure I had, along with a few other electrical problems. The mechanic I brought it to said he couldn't find the problem. But he doesnt work on cadillacs. All around it's a great car thats a blast to drive. Sure beats the heck outta my old POS BMW525I. You can get alot of car for a smalll price with a Catera.
Ok, seriously. I’m sick to my stomach after reading these reviews. I have tears in my eyes. I’m a single mother who just co-signed for my daughter to buy this car. She is so happy. She’s worked so hard with school and her job so I agreed to help her. We were going to buy a Saturn ION. This car was parked next to it and she liked it better. I know nothing about Cadillac’s and now I fear that we’re in big trouble. I was curious so I thought I’d do some reading about this car once we got home. I haven’t read one good thing? I guess I’ll have to live with it, there is nothing I can do now. If anything goes wrong with it, we’ll never be able to afford to fix it. The salesman told me that an 80 year old man just turned it in and we got lucky. Well, from what I just read, I think he is the one who got lucky with a sale. I guess it's my fault, I should of never let her get the car before I checked it out.
Within 1 month of owning car had to get new tires. Then at 3 months 70,000 miles had the tension pulley system and basically whole engine go. Fixed at $4000.00! Then there was a recall for that but Cadillac would not reimburse us because we were smart and did not have a cadillac service station fix our car. Instead we went to just a normal service station and we have not had a major problem with our car until recently. Now at 134,000 miles - Spark plug wires and spark plugs! Not too Cheap either. Nothing is Cheap about this Pile Of S***!!! (I cannot believe the car is still in one piece!) My husband and I have really thought about blowing the car up or have it go over a bridge! But anyways I of course owe way to much to trade it off or sell it. The only way to sell it is find someone dumb enough to actually buy it. Guess I will need to find someone like me! We have had no sympathy from the Cadillac Dealers here and supposedly they havent heard of any of the problems that we have had! Yeah Right! I have even brought them copies of some of these reviews from other customers and they still feel no sympathy! I have had over 4 inches of water in my car, I am surprised I even have floor boards left as many times as my car has flooded on the front and back passenger side. And my check engine light is on more than I have ever seen it off! I would love for the government to have this complete car considered a lemon and I will never, ever, by a flipping Cadillac AGAIN!!!!
I must say that I love my catera. She HAS 113,000 miles on her and she is going strong. I have to agree this is a expensive car to fix, but if you keep up the general maintence it is awsome to drive. Push down the sport button and let her fly.
Beautiful car with manufacterer defects especailly timing belt. The Cadillac people aware of the problem and gave an extended warranty but would not honor it at the dealership. They Say they repaired it but the engine sounded the same and the rest is history. Cadillace should replace car for owners or give a decent rebate to consumers who have purchased the auto in good faith. Rebate to be used on a better car (Cadillac)
Runs great except when it's in the shop. While under pre owned 70k warrenty had valve's re-done, gaskets replaced, coolant leaks fixed 2x plus much much more. Have noticed that you are treated differently depending on which dealership you go to. In Colombia Md they gave us a rent a car (caddy) if the service was more than a day. Now in Salisbury at 'Courtesy' Chevy Cdillac they fought us tooth and nail on every leak/malfunction we have ever had. Any back up from the manufacturer when we had to relocate quickly on a job promotion?The parts were due in the day after we moved and covered under one dealership but not at the Dealer in our new town??? What the??kind of service is this. We got blah blah we no help you sukka from the customer noservice dept within caddilac corporate. They marketed to the younger generation and won!! I love this car & wanted to buy an Escalade. Due to reliability and Dealer Support I am now looking at Volvo.Caddy you can kiss my sweet Butt Goodbye
Frustration galore to keep it running. Cadillac dealer won't even discuss a trade-in. Must get extended warranty altho was told none over 70,000 miles available on '97's.
Price is way too low so buy it if you want.
Sticker price of 34,500.00 included Sunroof,Bose sound system with cassette and single cd player. Leather and 16' chrome wheels. I think GM finally got the bugs out of this Cadillac entry level car.All in all I was generally satisfied with my 1997 Catera with the exeption of my tire problem which GM took care of but I'am really excited about the 2000 model.
32000.00 fully equiped with sunroof, cd, leather, onstar, the works. definitely yes i would recomend it. 
I enjoy my catera it is a nice entry class luxo car, but it is not a sporty as I hoped it would be.  Aftermarket add ons cost major bucks and just dont seem worth it. I havent yet had any real problems (except the battery dying twice, but cadillac was very nice about replacing it) driven it 16000 miles and hopeing I dont experience the problems other reviewers have.  Could be sportier, when I'm driving for fun the A6 beats the Catera hands down.  Once I tinted the windows, I would pickup girls in the Catera not the audi.I have been pleased with this car, but I am also very glad it was a lease.  My next car is going to be a Subaru Impreza WRX which will make up for the lack of speed and soprty handling my Catera is lacking.
CAR IS GREAT BUY FOR THE MONEY, BUT NEEDS TO GO ON A DIET AND IT COULD USE MORE HORSEPOWER.  OTHER THAN THE INFREQUENT STALLING PROBLEM LISTED IN MY 'WEAKNESSES', I HAVE NO PROBLEMS WITH THE CAR.  SHOULD ANY OF YOU WITH THE SAME MODEL AS MINE ENCOUNTER THE SAME PROBLEM (...STALLING) AND HAVE HAD IT REPARED, PLEASE EMAIL ME AND LET ME KNOW WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE.
DO NOT BUY Nothing but trouble, timing belt went out,oil leaks,coolant leaks electrical gremils,front end problems,oil pressure problems,check engine light goes on and off at will,brakes,back tail lights break,fog light problems,and the list goes on!!DON'T LET CADILLAC GET AWAY WITH THIS!!Call the Better Business Bureau.And your local news stations if more people get involved they do something about it. DON'T SETTLE,think of the next man or woman.
Bought the car from Thrifty Car Sales @ 62,000 miles. Tried to return it within the first 30 days. Engine light came on, engine coolant light, just to name a few. Had to have vehicle towed from out of town because the engine froze. Tom Peacock Cadillac replaced the engine under warranty. I paid 800 in addition to my deductible for parts not covered. Has bad centerlink or something in steering or underneath that makes noise. Last weekend driving on freeway vehicle shut off, had to have towed, back to square one!
Bought the car,drove well...at 35k miles....should have given it back because the next month AFTER PURCHASE I had to take it back because it didnt shift properly. They replaced some part on the TRANSMISSION.....recall for timing belt six months later...this car was very expensive to keep up....finally the transmission went...try $4,000 to fix....try me calling the Corporate Office- no deal no assuming responsibility because out of warranty....so I called the finance company after no one wanting to do a decent trade in...not even the dealership I got it from...told them come get thier garbage......I am going back to foreign cars.......this is the first and last american made...FOR SURE!
Fun to drive, solid, powerful car.    I cannot think of a better car for the money I paid, and I've driven more than a few 'upscale ''luxury'' cars'.
Fun to drive, solid, powerful car.    I cannot think of a better car for the money I paid, and I've driven more than a few 'upscale ''luxury'' cars'.
We bought car in early 2000 with 18,000 miles in it, car was sure pretty. After that it was down hill, it was in the shop more than 12 times in the next year, that god we bought extended warrenty, we needed it, what a piece of crap that car was.We were able to keep it going for another 2 years, because we owed to much on it. the tires wore out all the time, it would shut off while driving. WE weren't notified of the recall on this car, well this past May, I was driving down the highway doing 55 and the thing shuts off again, which makes the steering wheel lock, and I can't steer. It went off the road and missed a tree by 2 feet. That was it for us. I could be dead.......We called are cadiliac dealer which towed it, they called and said timing belt broke, and had bent pistons. It was covered under warrenty. As soon as it was fixed 1 month later, it was running good and before it broke down again, we traded it in to the dealer who sold it us in the first place. Some of the guys on the lot told us it was a beautiful car, in great condition. Gave us 4000 for trade, we would of taken 200.00 towards a trade, NOW THEY HAVE THE LEMON BACK, and we now own a great truck. We will never buy another Cadiliac again.
This car is a total piece of crap! They should all be recalled and the cadillac company should be ashamed and want to replace these cars. I am a single parent and have been locked out of this car 4 times this summer with my 1 year old child in the heat. Every day it is something new wrong on this car. My friend has one also and it stays in the shop more than the get to drive it. This is the worts car any single parent on a budget could ever get stuck with.
This car sucks!!!!!!! I have had nothing but problems. I bought this car for my wife solely on looks and ride and price. I should have known it was too good to be true. We have paid over $3000 in service for this car in addition to all the warrantied stuff. This car is a lemon. I am in the process of starting a class action suit so we all can get our money back.
This car is the biggest most expensive turd I have ever owned. My '72 Ford Pinto ran better than this car. The engine blew over the summer. They fixed it under warranty. Now I have oil leaks all over. I can tell its not related to the work they did, because the leaks are all underneath. The sunroof sometimes will stop and not move. I have to turn the car off/on again to shut it. The security system will sometimes go off when I unlock it with the key  I have to unlock it with a key now because the remote units are shot(read cheap!) What a turd this car is...  If they offered to put the engine that is on the CTS, I would do it. Less headaches and more power.
I Bought this car a while back and have had a few problems, AC went out and was exspensive to fix, but I find that regular maintenace keeps the car in great shape, I only have 60,000 miles on it but runs well, There are rattles when I hit bumps that are impossible to find, but all I say to that is turn up the music louder!!!
I want to add my review to the list of negative ones. I purchased the car because of the Cadillac name and expected that kind of performance. To make a long story short, the timing seal blew, blew out all the oil and ruined my engine. I was told it would cost $12,000 to replace the motor. I had an extended warranty on the car, called that company but they denied coverage stating' faiure due to lack of lubrication'. I had to get an attorney involved to get the warranty company to pay for the timing seal that blew out and the towing fee. They still would not pay for the motor, stating they were looking at a $12,000 claim against a $1200 premium.    The car has been sitting at the dealership for 10-1/2 months. The attorney and the dealer have tried to locate a motor. No rebuilt motors available. To rebuild one will cost $16,000+. They have found a couple of used motors, not sure at this time about the milage on those motors, but the cost will certainly be more than the car is worth.    I have made it my mission to inform all Catera owners to get rid of this car as soon as possible.
well i hate to add salt to a wound,but my catera is giving me problems as well,when i bought the car i would figure im get luxury but instead im gettin a car with lil minor problems,my heads in the engine are warn, i called the cadillac dealership in freeport li, paul cante to do the repair was out standing in cost it was 0ver $2500,if i knew then what i know now i would have bought a honda or lexus es300 witch was my 1st choice,well i learned my lesson,but hey thats life,i wouldnt get rid of my catera i would keep it as a hoopty, and look for something better,its tru what they say foregein is always better cadillac should be shame of there self for having a foregien car with there name on it.
I own a 1997 Catera, since mile 6 repairs has been made on this car. I have paid for this car twice over. It is a piece of crap! With 4 pages of repairs to show for it. You can't give me another cadillac.
Do you yourself a favor and don't buy this car. I have had it more in the shop then in my driveway. Did I mention I only had it for 4k miles before it broke down.
do not let all the features it has rail you in to purchasing this car, it sucks  half the time you will have problems just starting the stupid thing.  there is somany electrical things in it that go wrong with it all the time.  I only bought it bercause I thought it would be good quality because it had the cadillac name ,but I guess that dont mean anything. I will never purchase another cadillac for as long as I live!  I hope you guys at cadillac never ever sell another one of these cars or you will guarunteed go out of buisiness in time to come. hope you people are happy for all the pain youve put on people.
I've had my car for one year and 2 months and I swear out of this year it has never driven good, let alone decent! I am very dissappointed in my purchase and want to get rid of it so bad! Every dealership that I go to and try to trade it in they always say the same thing 'Catera, such a bad car, it's going to be hard to try to resell this'. The car is worth nothing and it not at all reliable! It has been in the shop for repairs 6 times for major things. I have never paid under $500 to get something fixed. I have put over $4000.00 into this car for repairs and refuse to do anything else. My most expensive repair (that I'm not getting fixed) are the sprk plug wires. The estimated total of repair was $975.00. I am tired of putting money into a non-productive piece of junk! Whoever is seeking a Catera, I say look another direction. You only put yourself into a hole! It is definitely a LEMON!
This was a impulse buy and a bad one at that. When that car runs it is a wonderful ride. Unfortunatly it's broken down more often then not. In regards to the highly positive and highly negative reviews: The 1997/1998 model years were HORRIBLE for this vehicle. The 1999 was decent and the 2000 really good. They learned from all the problems the previous years had. To late for us 1997/1998 owners though. I am looking right now at a bill for $1,700 worth of work. Got a Cadillac quote for $530 for front brake work, Midas will do the same thing for $170. Mine has 63k miles now and I can not afford to keep servicing it. I am sorry that $1,000 every two months is over my budget for a car. It's paid for though
I bought my Catera back in '00 and really have not had *that* many problems with it. I was smart and bought an extended warranty. Besides changing the oil and normal wear and tear, all that went bad was the water pump, a headlight bulb and an instrument cluster bulb. The water pump was covered under the extended warranty. The car was nice to drive while I had it and probably SAVED MY LIFE when I had the accident that ended up totaling the car. After an encounter with a snowy mountain @60mph, doing a horizontal 180 then a vertical 90 and skidding backwards on the passenger side, my passenger and I walked away without a bruise. The car was still running, CD still playing, no broken glass. After we flipped it back over, the doors on the passenger side still opened and shut. There is a lot to be said for the car weighing a lot. The drivetrain and electronics may not be solid, but the physical build held up in my case.  From reading the reviews, I probably had the accident at a good time in the car's life. I replaced the car with a BMW 740iL, which will hopefully save my ass again if I have another accident.
This car has coast more than its worth for repairs first the headlight bulb kept blowing every other week then the headlights would pop on and off by theselves after that oil started leaking into my spark plugs and wires causing engine to idle rough then i had to pay 400 dollars to replace radiator hoeses now i'm going to trade it in as soon as i get it running good again. Please think twice before buying one.
nothing but trouble caddillac needs to be sued anyone intrested iamaparalegal lets give them hell ruin there rep every thing wrong with car from breaks to engine CONTACT LLANCONPRODIGY.NET
While preparing to by the Cadillac Catera for 1 year, I was never more excited to purchase my dream car. I've had it know for 2 1/2 years. Nothing but problems. The service on the car was very costly with the Warranty Agreement I had. The seat warmer went bad, the breaks when bad, light indicator when bad, all lights were inop, oil light indicator went bad, I had to pay to replace so many items that were outside of the Warranty agreement. I've had nothing but problems out of my dream car. My car was being serviced by Lindsay Cadillac. I had taken the car back more than 8 times for major problems and little more than 5 times for minor problems. I am know very careful about what car I will purchase in the future.
Ok... First off, I will apologize for NOT listening to the MANY voices here warning against these vehicles. I got caught up in the moment and bought one anyway. Big mistake. I have not even had my car for one month, and it has been in the shop three times. Nothing really major (yet) but it is not worth the money paid, for the inconvienance of running to shop once a week. UGH!!!! I want to scream. I am returning the car and getting another one this week.
this car is crap
this car is lame dont buy one many problems
Nothing but problems, it eats up oil, runs like a piece of crap. We have had a $400.00 sensor replaced on it, and there are still a list of problems. I will never buy a cadillac again!
THE WORLDS WORSE CAR IN ANY PRICE RANGE. I HAVE REPLACED THE ENGINE,RADIATOR,TRANSMISSION,A/C COMPRESSOR. NEEDS HEADLIGHT HOUSING (THEY TELL ME ITS $450.00 EACH)CADILLAC HAS LOST A LOYAL CUSTOMER. DOES ANYONE KNOW OF A CLASS ACTION GOING ON?
Best car I have ever owned. I think most of the complaints listed here have to do with bad dealers than the car itself. Once I switched to a better dealer, they have taken care of anything wrong quickly with no cost to me and no questions asked. Unfortunately you have some horrible Cadillac dealers out there, but the car itself is great and I have had very little trouble with it. Very smooth ride, nice and heavy, but plenty of pickup too.
I agree with all reviews. This car is a piece of junk and has cost me thousands! Now I'm having an oil problem. I've been sending the car back and forth to Cadillac dealership regarding an odor from the hood of the car and they couldn't find anything. I take it to Sears for an oil change and they tell me the car is BURNING oil- not good. Cadillac mechanics couldn't find this?????? AMAZING! I HATE THIS CAR!
This is the worst car we have ever purchased. It has been a complete nightmare from the date of purchase.The car was purchased with an extended warranty and we had it serviced for the tensior, head lamps, brightlights,and the sunroof. The extended warranty is now gone and the sunroof does not work, the bright lights work at random, the door makes a loud cracking sound, the drive belt tensioner, drive belt,and the water pump have been defective. There was a letter issued to advise you that one of these conditions may occur for the water pump,cam drive timing belt idler. The car is a piece of junk and WE WANT OUR MONEY BACK. The dealers and the service dept. do not want to honor the recalls and they say the parts fixed are not on the recall. Therefore you have to pay for a problem that more than likely will come back. I plan to take acion by notifying the General Attorney's office, consumer affairs dept.,and any office who will listen. Please do the same in your state. It is time to start taking action against being ripped off. We work too hard to pay Cadillac for the car and for repairs. You would think they have enough money.
This is the worst car we have ever purchased. It has been a complete nightmare from the date of purchase.The car was purchased with an extended warranty and we had it serviced for the tensior, head lamps, brightlights,and the sunroof. The extended warranty is now gone and the sunroof does not work, the bright lights work at random, the door makes a loud cracking sound, the drive belt tensioner, drive belt,and the water pump have been defective. There was a letter issued to advise you that one of these conditions may occur for the water pump,cam drive timing belt idler. The car is a piece of junk and WE WANT OUR MONEY BACK. The dealers and the service dept. do not want to honor the recalls and they say the parts fixed are not on the recall. Therefore you have to pay for a problem that more than likely will come back. I plan to take acion by notifying the General Attorney's office, consumer affairs dept.,and any office who will listen. Please do the same in your state. It is time to start taking action against being ripped off. We work too hard to pay Cadillac for the car and for repairs. You would think they have enough money.
this car is a joke. I have had nothing but problems. it always acts like it won't start,u cant fix the brake lights,and there is always an oil leak. this car has been to the shop at least 10 times. Gm needs to be put in the hall of shame for this one. oh yeah, the lock remotes fell apart years ago. (they said $400 to replace them) yeah right
Let's see here, what shall I review. There is just so much. Everything you can possibly imagine has been replaced on this vehicle. I had another dealership look this up the vehicles maintenance history. Everything from the water pump, timing belt, heated seats, power locks, and engine 'monmount?' or what ever that is was replaced. Of course when I had asked if there were or had been any problems with this vehicle, none were noted. My flagship of the lemons has been in the dealership for repairs at least 7 times, the longest being a month in the shop. The very first day from driving it off the lot the transmission light and the infamous check engine light likes to pop on. Even though it has been in the shop for this several times, they still claim there is nothing wrong with it. They say it is 'mysterious.' I had problems with the coolant system. It would come out the engine when I added it. By the time I drove the 'hoopty' into the dealership, it was smoking and there was coolant all over the parking lot. It was amusing observing the expressions of prospective buyers on the lot. Oh, and when the transmission light comes on, the car shifts into 3rd, wonderful gear. So, when you are at a stop sign or light, you have to floor it to get it to go. Another option is to quick throw it into nuetral, shut off the engine and turn it back on. This will re-set the wonderful 'space age' computer and the transmission light will go off causing the car to run normal until it decides to go back on again. This car has been an absolute nightmare since the first day I've bought it. I've had to hire a lawyer, contact the Attorney General and a local Consumer Reporting News station in order to get things done about this problem. It has been sitting in my parking lot for the last month because I am tired of dealing with the problems. On my word, I will never, never, EVER buy another GM product again.
I been driving my catera for a year now. I bought it used from a dealer at I thought a good price. But, this car does not hold it's value very well. My first problem was the radio. The bose system was to weak. So I upgraded to a alpine deck and replaced all the speakers with kickers. Then added a new amp for those but, still was not impressed. So I added three more six inch kickers speakers mounted in a box(which did not take up to much room)in the truck. Then I put an amp on those. Now the sound system sounds great. The car was perfect to keep the noise on the inside and not out. The car is not made for the snow. I find the tcs a joke. The power is good but needs a lot of help, maybe a turbo would help. If the car held it's vaule a little better. My biggest complant is the timing belt pullie. I had this replaced already and now i got another recall about it. I'm sick of taking to the dealer to get it checked or replaced. My next step is to check into the leman laws about this car. Don't get me wrong I like my car But, this recall is only coverd till my car hits 100,000 miles and I'm over 80,000.
Right when I bought the car, I had a few minor problems with it. (eg: door locks not working, radio problems, nothing too big) But everything was covered under warranty, and the Cadillac service was great. I was worried about what would happen when my car came off the warranty, but suprisingly I have not had to bring it in to the dealership once withing the past 2 years! For the price that these used cateras go for now, you really cant beat the value.
I have been in love with cadillacs for a long time until now!!!I bought the beautiful little car for my wife and two weeks later,my wife was saying the car has GREMLINS in it. We have had everything go wrong. The gremlins started in the front of the car. My windshield wipers stopped in the rain. The door lockes decided when and if they would open the doors. The dealer finally opened the door,got in and then couldn't get out. New set of tires. On a 400 mile trip I opened the trunk, and it dedided not to close!! The dealer ALIGNED the lock and we were on our way. 30 days later it BROKE!! Since then,sunroof does opposite of dial,the psi and voltage gages lay down at times together.The battery went dead,THEN THE RECALL, 'under warranty'. DON'T BUY THESE LEMONS. My car has been in the shop on every holiday!!! even Columbus day!!!
Well, I'v had all of the same problems I've seen in these reviews along with additional ones. Would you believe we had a really hard rain here this sommer, it got into my car underneth the windshield wipers and flooded by back seat. It wasn't just damp, there was 6 inches of water. I had to actually bail it out with a bucket. It kept coming back. The dealer said that was because the car is sealed tight underneth and the water had no place to go but into the car. They couldn't do anything until it stopped draining into my back seat. My insurance took care of the hugh bill to dry it out. I keep getting some dampness in the front passenger side, they don't know what that is.     My leveling system went, of course that wasn't covered in the warrenty, cost me $700.00, the brakes went, all kinds of sensors, and now it's in becasue it blew a head gasket, it only has 54,000 miles on it. It's also pulling to the right whenever I hit the slightest little crack or stone on the road. I'm afraid to drive it. It's in the shop more than I drive it. I finally went out and bought a 1993 Honda Accord so I can be assured to get back and forth to work. When & if I get my Catera back I'll just park it until I have it paid down enough to trad or sell it. I still owe way too much money on it.    I'v met with the owner of the dealer, talked to Cadillac (they said I could have a free oil change, or $1,000 toward the purchase of my next new Cadillac. I don't think so!    I've tried e-mailing some of you through these reviews, nobody has answered. Is anyone pursuring a class action?
As far as I'm concerned this car should be sold only in the color yellow. It's the highest priced lemon I've ever bought.  Warranty work takes forever and usually means more than one or two visits. My last recall (of which there has been many) took 17 days for the parts and I wasn't even offered a courtesy vehicle. Great service cadillac!
Dont buy this car unless you have alot of money to fix it. 3 months after i bought it the tranmissiom started to slip now $1500 later i have a new one. All the sensors went bad,it shakes like crazy, and it eats through tires...
I love this little car! It rides like a dream for a small car...it hugs the road and takes curves well. It is a four door sports car!
DO NOT BUY THIS CAR!! DO NOT BUY THIS CAR!!  In fact don't even look at it or test drive it. These are by far the WORST cars out on the market. It looks beautiful and rides smooth, but it is a rose with VERY SHARP THORNS!   I bought my 97 Catera just 5 days ago, and I am already trying to give it back. THEY WON'T TAKE IT BACK, they know it's a piece of junk. I got my car on a saturday, it was a rush purchase because it was priced really low and 5 other people were looking at it. I didn't review it and only ran a CARFAX report on it. It came up clean and so I bought it.  Four days after owning the vehicle, I went to put gas in it and it would not start after that. I would have just gotten it checked out but after reading everyone's reviews, I know that there will be more problems with it SOON. I have heard horror stories of people who have bought this car and had the sunroof open during a severe rainstorm. Also I have heard that it quits on the highway. As well as many factory recalls.    I WISH THAT ANYONE LOOKING AT A CADILLAC CATERA WOULD NOT BE DECIEVED BY ITS LOOKS. i WAS AND i AM WISHING i WOULD HAVE NEVER BOUGHT IT. I HAVE HAD IT 5 DAYS AND I NEED TO GET RID OF IT.     I know that it is easier for people to write bad things then good things but believe me THIS IS A TERRIBLE CAR! DO NOT INVEST IN THIS, BECAUSE YOU WILL LOSE MORE MONEY THAN WHAT YOU PUT INTO UT!!!    READ ON AND SEE THAT 90% OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE OWNED THIS VEHICLE HAVE HAD SEVERE PROBLEMS WITH IT.     Please, do not make the mistake that 1000's of unforunate Catera owners have made, Now matter how good a price or how nice It drives, you will REGRET IT!!    You WILL NOT BE RIDING IN STYLE YOU WILL BE RIDING IN $HIT!     WARNING: THIS STATEMENT IS 100% FOR YOUR BENEFIT!!
I think I have all you beat with my craptera bought the car with 48,000 miles by about 49,000 miles for some reason the engine stopped working lucky for me the car was still under warentee so i got a new engine for free but that took about a month before i got the car back seems like the dealership likes to take there time with this one.. many problems since then the heater core replaced the electric gas door that has never worked even after getting it fixed twice and now i havent even takin it into the shop yet and it doesnt like to switch out of third gear i put the car in drive it starts in third and stays in third no driving on the expressway for me but like everyone else i keep telling myself soon as i get it fixed that piece of junk is going up for sale...
I have a 1997 Catera that I have had nothing but problems with. I waited and waited for this car to be released after I saw it at the 1996 Chicago Auto Show. After the car reached 35,000 miles, it started having problems with the steering. I got a vibration on the wheel and the gear shifter. The problem never really got fixed. Since I have owned the car, it has been at the dealer 43 times. I recently got a check from GM to help compensate for the recalled items. I keep saying that after I get it running, I will sell it. I can't ever get it to run long enough to sell. However, since having the new parts( timing belt, etc) put on, the car has run like a dream. It has 105,000 miles and hasn't been in the shop for 8 weeks!! This is a miracle.
I am in the same boat with all the other Catera owners.I just recently had a baby and my husband wanted to make sure he purchased a good reliable safe car for me and the baby.The car was purchased on Dec.2nd 2002 with 70000 miles on it on Dec. 24th me and the baby was out Christmas shopping and the car started knocking and evently died we was stranded in a snow blizzard for awhile waiting for a tow.I haven't even paid my first note and I am already out over $2000.00 in  expenses.The windows work when they want to the sunroof has a mind of its own the fog lights work when you tap on them and if you hit a bump while driving they go back out.It is still at the shop waiting for parts on back order in the meantime I have been without a car because cadillac will not offer a loner until repaires are made because they say that this is not a recall but customer satisfaction champaign which is another term for bull covering their butts.I had always put cadillac in the highest regard in quality and dependable cars.My parents have been cadillac owners for years,but after having the experience with the Catera in less than the month I had it I will never purchase another GM product and my parents are changing also.I hope Cadillac will own up to this piece of junk they manufactured. If not someone needs to make them.We are a middleclass family and I never dreamed I would own a Cadillac but my dream has turned into a nightmare.Now I see nothing lies ahead for me and my family but costly unnessary expenses that GM have hard working families footing the bill for there failed product.
Wow, atleast some other people have experienced the same problems. When it runs, it runs like a dream. But considering the fact that it has 50,000 miles on it and i have to write 'when it runs' should explain everything. Of all the problems with this bucket, my hands down favorite is when i'm unable to shift it into park or open my doors... meaning i have have to climb out the damn window. Thats not exactly the prestige that should accompany a Cadillac... unless you're one of the Dukes of Hazzard. Tires last about as long as an old man without viagra and my glove compartment leaks more water than the titanic. Theres no better smell combination than my rancid carpet and the burning oil pouring off my lovely 3 liter v-6 firing on 4 cylinders.
Timing Belt Update - The timing belt on my '97 Catera broke 4 weeks ago at 59k. Fortunately GM has just changed their policy on the timing belt/water pump issue and has extended the warranty on 1997 and 1998 models to 7 years/100k on this issue only. I picked up the car last week (after THREE weeks in the shop) and ALL charges, including towing, were paid by GM! PHEW!!! Otherwise my Catera has been trouble free thus far. (keeping my fingers crossed)
Decided that I couldn't get anymore car for the money. Loads of glitches while under warranty. Didn't mind too much as I always had a loaner, and I got some revenge on GM through a trip interruption claimwhen it broke down on a trip far from home. I like driving the car, and I like a lot about it. I just wish I felt the same way I did about other Cadillacs we own. My mother's DeVille has been one of the best cars we've owned, and worthy of the Cadillac badge. The Catera, however, had some design and quality flaws that GM should have addressed. I had a GM dealer print me out an itemized list of all that had done to the car since it was first purchased in 1997, and the printer ran out of paper.
OUCH! What was I thinking? This has to be the worst purchase I have ever made in my life! My Catera ran for the first 15,000 miles then it was down hill from there. Hold on, here is the narrowed version of my story. I wish I was aware of this website before I made the purchase and please, DO NOT BUY ONE! My car was in the shop almost six months in a row! To this day I now have 70,000 miles on it and it is completely dead! I still owe over $14,000 on it! It is sitting in front of my house and I am making payments on a car that doesn't even run! Now someone at Cadillac tell me this, Does a Cadillac just stop running at 70,000 miles? When you purchase something with the 'CADILLAC' name on it, you are under the impression you are making an intelligent buying decision. I found the exact opposite. Here is what has been wrong with it, the timing belt blew, my doors don't shut all the way (worked on several times),in other word when it rains the car floods. When it gets moist or rains outside the headlights don't turn off. With that, my wife who drove it (remember it doesn't run anymore)got a dead battery every week. Today the bottom of my engine needs $5,000 of work because the oil pressure doesn't hold. My brakes needed work every 5,000 miles along with a tire rotation. I can go on for a long time and loose you as the reader. Who else has has a story like mine? You can see where I'm going? I've have made a laundry list of complaints to Cadillac with no progress at all. THEY COULD CARE LESS ABOUT THEIR CLIENTS! Cadillac refuses to cover the repairs of my engine because I am 20,000 over the warranty. I spent $24,000 on your product. In other words, they refuse to invest $5,000 to retain a customer. I refuse to put money into a car that will break down the next mile. I am a young 31 individual who makes a very good living in the media. I could have bought Cadillac's for the rest of my life! What should I do? Has anyone took action before?
I bought this car thinking that it would be the best car for my money. I mean think about it, Cadillac,I can't go wrong. Boom!!!! Now that I am back in reality, I don't know where to begin. Well I have had water come through the vents, brake lights go bad, Fog light switch go bad, Tires are ate up in no time, Car had problems at 99M' and the dealer could not find the problem until the timing belt broke and ruined my motor by than I had 102,000' on it. My new motor cost over $5,000' to replace. Cadillac sends out this letter about if you have problems up to 7yrs, or 100,000 miles they will re-emburse the amount you've spent. Ya right.They said since the motor failed at 102M' it cannot be considered. BUT MY PROBLEM HAPPEND AT 99M' AND I HAVE DOCUMENTATION THAT THRE WAS THIS PROBLEM AND THE DEALER COULDN'T FIND THE PROBLEM UNTIL THE MOTOR ACTUALLY WENT OUT! sO NOW i'M SCREWED. jUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE. With all these problems that everyone has posted here, you would surely think that the goverment would force Cadillac to do something about tis car. Why should it take an incident like the Ford explorer to get peoples attention to force them to admit the facts. THERE HAS GOT TO BE SOMETHING WE CAN DO WITH ALL THESE PEOPLE THEY CANNOT GET AWAY WITH THIS!!!!!!! IF PEOPLE QUITE COMPLANING TO GM THIS PROBLEM WILL NEVER GET RESOLVED. DO NOT LET THEM GET AWAY WITH THIS!!!
1997 Caddy Catera is the worst car ever buit. HANDS DOWN THE WORST. at 53K my timing belt blew. It idles low now, transmition is sticking in gear, I just had to change the battery, had to have an alignment twice, and ruined 2 sets of tires. I called my local friendly cadillac dealer today, and they told me that and this is a QUOTE '1997 Catera's are pieces of Sh*t. You will have problems with it all the time, and thats why most of them are in the junk yard.' DONT BUY ONE!!! I cant even get rid of it without being 2K in the hole!! And Cadillac cares not about their customers. I will never buy another GM product. EVER Oh yeah, one more thing, though the radio sounds nice, I am trying to get a CD player for it, FORGET about it. Even thats a pain in the butt, and will cost me 800 bucks. forget that!
This is the worst car I've ever had. They try to make you think that you're getting a great extended warranty when you purchase your car. I purchased an extended warranty with a $100 deductible. I figured this wasn't too bad because it's a Cadillac, I will never have to use the warranty. I've used the warranty 3 times now. Faulty brake lights, timing belt tensioner, heater control cable, those are all of the repairs. Plus, my car has 61000 miles on it and they had to replace the engine because of a problem with the timing belt tensioner. I had a '93 Pontiac Grand Am 4 cyl. with 90000 mi. on it that gave me less problems than this car. Plus to top it off, I still owe $13500 on the car and if I traded it in, I would be $2000 in the hole. Horrible car......stay away from buying one!
I am so very afraid to drive this car --- I never know what is going to fail next!This has been the biggest mistake I have EVER made.Cadillac should be so ashamed!!I know I am for having bought this piece of JUNK!!!!
I am so very afraid to drive this car --- I never know what is going to fail next!This has been the biggest mistake I have EVER made.Cadillac should be so ashamed!!I know I am for having bought this piece of JUNK!!!!
Ran fine for 20K miles, then alignment went to pot.  Took it to a dealer who purportedly aligned it to specs.  Drove it about 1,500 miles immediately thereafter on a road trip and noticed excessive wear on the left front tire.  Took it to an independent shop at destination who said it was out of alignment.  Returned home and replaced all tires (excessive wear in addition to alignment damage on 3) at a Firestone shop.  Guess what?  Out of alignment again.    No other problems thus far but thank goodness this is a lease that I can dump in 11 more months.      I tried to get satisfaction from Cadillac but they basically just said the dealer is God and the car is perfect.  I strongly recommend that no one consider acquiring this piece of GM junk.    Bought my wife a Hyundai XG300L this summer.  It has more toys than the Caddy, runs quieter on the road, handles better, and was $10K cheaper on the sticker.  Just another indication that more money may buy more junk rather than quality.
This car is a pices of crap! I will never own another Cadillac. There are electrical problems they can't find or fix.The tires are very dangerous. They wear terribly. I have 23,000 miles on my car and I DON'T drive aggressively!! And I need 4 new tires!  Cadillac knows about the problems but they will not help in any way. Terrible car and never purchase the Goodyear Eagle RSA tires!
BOUGHT A 2000 CADILLAC CATERA IN APRIL OF 2001 (IT HAD 199 MILES ON IT). IT GOES TO THE REPAIR SHOP EVERY 4 MONTHS WITH THE IGNITION LOCKING. DO NOT BUY A CATERA!!!!!!! I'M IN THE PROCESS NOW OF HIRING AN ATTORNEY TO GET RID OF THE CAR!  YOU WOULD THINK A HIGHER PRICED CAR WOULD RUN BETTER THAN A CHEAP JUNKER WOULDN'T YOU? I WISHED I'D HAVE KEPT MY DODGE.  I'M GOING TO BUY A HONDA NEXT. I'VE NEVER, EVER HEARD OF ANYONE HAVING A HONDA PROBLEM.
Transmission failed after 60,000 miles, cost over $2700 to repair. Alternator failed on road at 71,000 requiring tow to dealer, part not in stock,requiring 2 days of rental car costs. Total dealer bill to replace alternator was over $1270. Part was available at B&B auto parts same day for $170.00 Missing gas cost about $50.00 to replace. Now being warned about inferior timing belt. Dealer estimates cost to replace belt about $700.00. High operating cost is requiring me to look elsewhere for replacement car.
The Cadillac Catera is a piece of crap. DO NOT EVER BUY ONE.
We have owned our Catera for 15 months, and have driven it 6 days out of the last 45 days. The rest of the time it has been in for service for timing belt/idler pulley problems and problems with the engine resulting from failure of these parts. I have never felt so ripped off as I do when I think about my Cadillac. We purchased this vehicle to be our 'family car' to last for a long, long time--this was a truly bad decision on our part. We will NEVER own a Cadillac again.
Fantastic car. Excellent handling, seats, stereo. Fit and finnish and interior materials are second to none. The car has been rock solid dependable. Best car I've ever owned.
I bought 97 Catera with only 35000 miles and it has been in the shop 3 times already. I have had the car for 4 months. The brakes had to replace twice, and they still make noise. The car pulls to one side, and an alignment will not fix the problem. I strongly don't recommend buying this car unless you have money to throw away. I will never buy another Cadillac again.
along with the usual problems with brakes, electrical,etc. how would you like to be within 5000 kilometers of the end of the warranty coverage for the timing belt that will break and cause between $3,000 and $12,000 damage. I called GM and they said that I should consider it as regular maintenance to change the timing belt (great public relations for a company that is sure the belt will break). I did get a great deal when I had to change the little motor for the air conditioning ($300 - GM wanted $2500). I changed the size of my tires and do not have a problem with wear or pulling to the right or left so far (58,000 km), the tires look like they might last to 100,000 km. (my factory tires lasted 38,000 km. - gm said 'normal'
This car is great, i don't know what the hell all you people do to your car . Maybe it is because your americans my car has 150 kilometers on it and nothing has gone wrong yet. i strongly recommend this beautiful car
Buying a 1997 Cadillac Catera was the worst mistake I have ever made. I stongly discourage anyone from buying one. The car has been in the shop almost every month since I have owned it. Thankfully I took out an extended warranty when I bought it otherwise it would have been parked long ago. My problems include the timing belt/tensioner, water pump, coil pack, cooling fan, sunroof opens/closes on its own so I had to diconnect it a month after buying the car, oil leaks, oils sending unit leaks, problems with the doors locking me in/out of the car, the horn doesnt work, the heated drivers seat has a short, had to have the front sway bar replaced, tie rods, multiple alignments/new tires. The problems never end. It has now been in the shop six times for because the engine light comes on and the car cuts out and dies while going down the road, it will restart but it just dies again. They cant find the problem. If anyone has seeked legal action regarding the issues with the catera I would be interested in hearing the outcome. I am trying o get rid of the car but I owe too much and no one wants it.
The Catera is overall a nice car. The ride is great, but it's quality sucks. The parts are very expensive and never in stock. Both my seat heaters in the fron have gone (Driver's inop. and Passenger's has a crazy hot spot!). The dreaded catera timing belt went (Sept/02) with only 51000 miles. FYI: GM covered whole cost of replacing engine due to timing belt failure. They don't advertise this but they recognized the problem and they will pay!!! I wouldn't recommend buying a catera.....don't say I didn't warn you!
My grandmother purchased this car about two years ago, and it has been a pain in the a** since then. She has already put a new motor in it, numerous parts have been recalled, and she is not getting reimbursed for them since she had them replaced before they were recalled. The air bag has malfunctioned; the light stays on and a servicer told her she had to purchase a whole new air bag system for it. I hate this car and I think it is a joke to keep replacing things on it. They have poor resale value and they are junk. I will never own a GM car.
This car has been nothing but trouble since I purchased it. It has problems with heating. The water pump has replaced, along with the pulley. These items were all under recall. It has worn out (2) sets of Goodyear Eagle tires in 1 year. GM WILL NOT assist with the expensive engine repair work that it is in need of now. I know of three other people who are now dealing with the same problems with their Catera. GM knows of the engine problems with this 'Car from Hell' and I feel they should reimburse everyone who purchased this piece of _____! Try to trade it in and one dealership told me that they did not want this car on their lot.
THis car kicks. I love it. The only problem that I have with it is the radiator but that was paid for by cadillac. If you did not like it you are not ment for driving a caddy. It rides smooth and has a powerful engine. It has conftrable seats and everything is just perfect about it.
What a joke... Caddy fuc|
i have had this car about one year, it now has 65,000 miles and then engine is alreadt dead, you cant find a new one junk yards dont have them, this car blows, within one year i put over 5,000 dollars into it, always something, dont buy this junk cadillacs are expensive pieces of crap. this is the lamestn car ever, if anyone is fighting leagally please contact me, i am going to the attorney general, i want my money or some kind of reimbursement. i beg anyone considering this car dont do it
My son purchased this vehicle as his first car purchase.  While in basic training it was driven once a week to ensure that it remained in working order.  It had 48000 miles on it.  He came home from basic and picked up the car.  2 months later he was replacing quote unquote new tires, due to continual pulling to the right.  Then at 51000 miles car began to overheat, with nothing being found by mechanics as reason.  Put on computer with no faults found.  Two weeks later, car overheated and dumped oil in the water system.  Radiator leak lead to $581.00 radiator replacement, informed that system flushed and weekly replacements of water, would clear water of oil residual.  Prior to 5th flush, car overheated again, this time computer check revealed and testing of water that exhaust was present in the water.  Heads removed only to reveal that leak was occuring from a stuck valve in the oil cooler allowing oil to seep into water system, so $2600.00 later, new oil cooler and heads and gaskets having to milled unnessarily, the car was running again.  I then assumed the payments for my son as a bi-weekly pay check of $485 for an E-1 in the Army definitely could not afford the upkeep of such a vehicle.  MY MISTAKE!!!  Two weeks later my wife was going to work and the timing belt broke, messing up 12 out of 24 valves, thus another $3200.00 repair.  Was told by the mechanic that cadillac has been having problems with the tensioners.  We had the car home for a total of 1.5 weeks, we were driving along at 60mph and it blew a rod and dumped the oil.  Now I have a car that I am making payments on sitting in my driveway that no dealer wants to trade me for (dealers state that there are so many problems with the 97 catera that no one wants to deal with trying to get rid of them), so either I replace the engine or sell the thing for parts.
Like so many others on this site, I wished I had read the reviews prior to purchase. I bought this used two years ago with 70,000 miles. I'm amazed how the red flags that went off in my head were masked by the sleek styling of the Catera. Beautiful car. I have admired it over the last 18 months while it has set in my garage. The day I go to pick it up, the battery had died and would not start. No problem, there. They put a new battery while I wait and gave me a $100 bucks for my time. 9 days later, a coolant leak. They took care of that too. Three months later, the timing belt went, so I thought. It turned out to be the bearings in the front of the motor that broke, locked up, whatever. In any event, Cadillac washed their hands with it. They claimed I was negligent by not having the belt changed and serviced with that amount of mileage!!!! I just bought it from them. These people have screwed me horribly. I will never purchase a Cadillac again. I may well never puchase anything GM now either.     What I am going to do is park my vehicle across from the cadillac dealership here with a big sign that says my caddy is a lemon. I'll do this every day until the cadillac people make good on their product. That's the best that I can do with my 16000 dollar paper weight.
Needed a 4th car in family and dispite some minor problems car is not bad value.  Problems like premature tire wear can be overcome by installing 225/55/16 tires that are 2 inches taller than normal 225/60/16 but better ride, stearing and control. Any pull problems are attributed to worn ball joints for about $250. Cadillac has released a ltter I received 6/11/02 dated June 2002 stating any timing belt, water pump, tension pulley and related engine failure will be reimbursed by Cadillac dealers up to 7 years or 100,000 miles which ever come first. Claims must be submitted NLT 6/30/04. I can fax copy of letter to anyone if you provide Fax #.
We purchased this car with only 12,000 miles on it thinking we got a great deal. Well, so far, we've replaced the window regulator at a cost of $500, the timing went due to an inherent design flaw (which up until this week, Cadillac refused to acknowledge), causing $2,500 in valve and head repairs, the sunroof controls work when they feel like it and the cupholder breaks on a regular basis. My first and last Cadillac!
I wish I had researched the car before I bought it. I purchased the car certified and only 20,000 miles. From the very beginning the car was constantly in the shop for everything you could imagine (water pump, multiple sensors, etc) but mostly complaints of electrical problems. After a year of complaints the dealership finally said they located the problem in the steering and replaced it. A couple of months later my my car caught on fire due to an electrical problem - only problem was that it was in my garage and thus burned down down my house (and my neighbors, I might add). I would never purchase another Caddy and warn all about electrical problems with the Catera - I understand that electrical problems with them are typical
My wife and me had are first child, with the whole experience of changing are lives we decided to trade in our sport car and buy a good reliable family car. Not having enough money to afford a new car we were looking around for something that fit are new needs. We can across this beautiful car that turned out to be the Catera with the reputation we bought it and had NO Problems other then minor trouble,up until a year and nine months after purchasing the car. That’s when traveling to work one day that the car had all of a sudden (out of the blue sky made a loud noise from the engine and all of a sudden the engine STOP). Had a flat bed bring the car to a local shop the mechanic said that the Timing Belt, the Tension Pulley and the Heads need to be replaced $4000 with only 51,000 miles and only having the car for such a short time I couldn’t believe it. They said this is a defected engine and that I should contact the nearest Cadillac dealer, which I did and they told me that they don’t know if they want to get involved. Try calling 1 800 Headquarters. Then I discovered so many other consumers that all have the same problem.
Oh Man, What Have I Done?  I will express that immediately.  After doing my research on used autos I still went ahead and purchased the Catera after I read all the bad reviews on it. You don't even want to begin to listen to the MANY problems I have had with this car in the 3 months I have had it.  1. Car get's hot (Major Problem)  2. There is a coolant smell coming from under the hood.  3. Car is pulling to the right.  4. Mechanic got locked in the car when being fixed for about 15 minutes (I'm sure it felt longer to him)  5. Traction Control light goes on when it feels like it.  6. Rear glass is showing some kind of warping.  7. I won't go on anymore, I have spent enough time letting you know this car is a Lemon.  For anyone who is considering buying one be prepared to have extra money to pay for repairs and make sure you carry rental insurance as well.
I bought this car Nov 11th 2001. The dealership says that they did their so called '120pt' inspection on the car and everything is great on it. Less then three days of having the car I had to bring it back in for an oil leak and a coolant leak. One week later new brakes, calipers, and rotors were put all the way around. Less then a week after that it had to go back in the shop to have the transmission 'rebuilt' Of course national warranty is too cheap too a put a  remanufactured one in or even a new one in for that matter. The car only has 54,000 miles on it. The car has been in the shop since 12/20/01 and the date is now 1/17/02. Don't buy a cadillac catera!!!
Makes me sick!! I am only now realizing what I have done.  I thought i got a steal with the car only having 28,000 miles on it when I bought it and now with only 34,000 i have already had it to the shop twice for the door locks locking and unlocking at will, and I have smelled burining oil and found no leaks.  The check engine light flickers on and off putting more fear into me. One  day sitting ata light the whole car   started vibrating out of control for about two to three minutes until I accelerated to about 20 mph then stopped and hasn't done it since.  After reading these other review my thoughts are to  trade it off and take a loss.  Anyone looking for a catera cheap?
I have only 12000 miles after 4 yrs. Will that save me from the more serious problems I've read about here?    I had three recalls: alignment & tire wear (none found); stabilizer/balance bar; and, recently, a hose.    On warranty, I've had fixed:   1. A wire in the driver door was plugged in,   2. The radio antenna replaced,   3. The generator replaced twice,   4. The battery charged once (after towing) and replaced once roadside.    Off warranty, I put in a $108.00 International Diehard. Will that one last? Now, I've noticed fluid stains under the car. Oil or coolant? How much will that cost? Doesn't seem like a lot of fluid. Perhaps the tires are wearing.
My husband and I bought our Cadillac from my father, who sells Chevy's.  The first few months we thought it was an awsome car.  Then the recalls started to come in.  Which since it was under warranty was fine.    We moved to California, and that is when the trouble started.  It was constantly in the shop.  We had a rental car more often than we had the Catera.    The final break down for us was one month after the warranty expired.  (But still under the 50,000 mile mark)  The timeing belt broke which cause the engine to go every which way.  Cadillac quoted us $8,000.  That is a lot of money!  We called many other dealerships trying to get a cheaper quote and all of the told us that Cadillac should be paying for it.  ALL of it.  Well they didn't.  It turns out that this happens so much that they can't afford to pay for it any more.  So we got stuck with the bill.     I always thought that Cadillacs were suppose to be great cars that will last you a life time.  But on my first purchase I learned the truth.  Cadillacs are LEMONS and they should be taken off the market.  One day I hope everyone will know the truth about them...I will see that they will.    My father has now sworn never to sell Cadillacs again.  And I have sworn never to buy them again.
Worst car ever. Like most people I have realized a fear in taking it out of my driveway. I now carry my cell phone from work to call a tow truck. Car purchased with 55k on it. Two weeks after I had it one of the coil packs went. I am presently replacing a second coil pack and more wires. The only redeeming quality is that my actually goes straight, of course thats straight to the shop. Ive had the daytime running lamps and brake lights fixed. My steering wheel squeaks incessantly, the doors seems to have a mind of their own. I believe the humidity causes the electrical systems to go haywire. Perhaps all of us Catera owners should move to a dry climate where all the roads bend to the right. I will be dumping this car as soon as possible so that perhaps my future can go to college.
I have owned my 97 Catera for 18 months and 30,000 miles.  The first few months were trouble free, then the fun began. 300. to fix a valve cover gasket leak (warranty), 500. to fix an intermittent abs/traction control problem (warranty also), 1100 to replace timing belt, idler pulley, water pump (died at 54K even though manual said it was good to 60K),300 to repair a coolant leak, 58K transmission died - required complete rebuild and they are still TRYING to fix it, to date 2500 in repair bils for the transmission.      If anyone has similar problems please contact me.    This car is truly a love hate relationship.  I love the car when it runs, it is an enjoyable rear drive sedan, however in the past 6 months I have put more miles on rental cars than mine because it has been in the shop.
Gee,after owning it for 5 years, Where do I start. I can only suggest that- ONLY MECHANICS SHOULD BUY THIS CAR.    It is a constant repair headache. If its not one thing,its another. And Cadillac should be ashamed of this cars repair history.
I would recommend this car!  The only major work done on my car was at 100K the changing of my sparks plugs, timing belt, and transmission oil!  Iam glad I bought this car!  Honda and Toyota owners eat your heart out, we got a new luxury car that out ZIGS YALL!!
I would recommended this this want to be Cadi, but you must be high on maintance, if so she will last!
After reading the reviews on this site I'm glad I'm not alone in my Catera woes. Unfortunately, I'm a real glutton for punishment since I leased mine and then, even after all the problems, still went ahead and purchased it. Ow!At that time, my problems were fairly minor and I had hoped the kinks had been sorted out. Now after reading the reviews, I'm getting worried!!These are the problems I've had:* Dead battery for no apparent reason, TWICE.  (and to the dealer, 'no, I didn't leave my lights on...')* Rear door handles Jam* Leak of fluid onto the front drivers carpet* Low coolant light (excessive use of coolant)* Sunroof opening and closing by itself* AC panel died and had to be replaced* Couldn't shift car into gear. Something had to be replaced.* Excessive tire wear. First set of tires replaced around 12k miles. I kept complaining to the dealer that the car veers to the right when the wheel is dead centered. They tried to portray me as the idiot. In attempting to fix it, they made it go to the left. I thought that at least for a $30k plus car I'd get one that goes straight. Tires continued wearing even though the dealer swore nothing was wrong. They tried to blame it on me for not rotating the tires (it seems maybe I should rotate them every 100 miles to keep them happy). My one tire wore down completely. I refused to pay for another one and they finally gave it to me for 'customer goodwill'. How can they say its 'balanced' when I keep getting this tire wear?* ABS and TC lights come on for no reason. Fixed once. Problem happening again.* Complete replacement of breaks and rotors at approx 16k miles, at my expense. Excuse me, but I'm not an aggresive driver with my foot on the breaks. Is this normal?* Excessive squeaking from steering wheel. Replaced some ball bearing.* Cheap cup-holders broke. Replaced.I don't recall other problems at the moment, but I'm sure I will as I submit the review.I now have 27k miles on the car. To all the other 97 Catera owners out there, what can I expect next? Should I bail out now and hope another dealer will trade-in the car? Or have I had the problems fixed? Is this level of reliability acceptable, or should GM be taken to task for this? Has anybody pursued legal action?Please feel free to contact me.Chris
     Although I absolutely love the look and style of my 97 Catera, I chose to invest Cadillac money because I thought it would buy the Cadillac reputation, but was I ever wrong!  This car has put us on a first name basis with each and every mechanic and technician in the service department of the Cadillac dealership, including the Service Manager and my personal service rep.  From the day we drove it off the lot with only 47,000 miles on it, it has had to make a monthly trip to the shop, usually staying between 2 and 5 days, and now that the extended warranty has kicked in, it's a $50.00 deductible every time (if its a warranty repair) and I can't get a rental or loaner until the warranty company authorizes repairs, which usually takes 2 days, so I have to borrow a car or bum a ride to and from work during that time.     The service department is WONDERFUL - I have no complaints with them at all - they fix the problem and everything is fine until the next piece of equipment misfunctions or just plain quits working.  We have experienced everything from needing to rotate and align 2 times in just 4000 miles, to computer chips and automated switches quitting, to cracks in hoses that are in such a strange place the the engine has to be taken apart to get to them, to replacing a front headlight bulb that cost me $48.00 for labor because the battery has to be removed to get into the headlight area (and I paid for the bulb myself) to doors that slam on whoever is unfortunate enough to be within striking distance, to a radio that makes up it's own mind when it will go on and when it won't, to both headlight assemblies that are NOT covered under warranty but are so bent that my lights point in 2 different directions and the dealer wants $750.00 to fix because you have to replace the whole thing, to an ignition switch that won't let go of the key without a wrestling match that rivals the WCW.     I can't take this anymore - we don't qualify for Lemon Law because it's never the same problem, but we have had over 20 out-of-service days in just 8 months, and I can't keep missing hours from work to take this car to the shop, wait around for a courtesy ride home and then find a ride to the rental dealer if and when they approve it.     I would love to hear from other Catera owners about this - I met a woman today who said GM bought back her 97 Catera and they took a 99 instead, but now it's starting to give them problems, also.  My email address is classy5465@aol.com.  Any constructive suggestions would be appreciated.  I have already written and spoken to the General Manager of my dealership to notify him that I feel it is his responsiblility to find a replacement car for me that will be reliable - if not another Cadillac, then anything else that I can depend on to do the job and not always be in the shop.  He says he is 'keeping an eye out for me', but I don't really think he even cares.  So........any new ideas will be helpful!  
The car is a good car without the damn problems, I would like anybody who has had these similar problems to email me, my warranty is over and i have to pay everything from my own pocket. I would like anybodies suggestion and opinions on what to do.  
All-in-all, a generally pleasant car to own, though it spent more time at the dealer than it should have.  Most of my problems centered on detail and trim items.  I did experience the ABS and TCS lights coming on for no reason.  Systems worked fine, the lights would just come on.  Dealer fixed the problem on the first visit.The heater was just great.  The air conditioning, however, never seemed to quite settle down on what it was going to do.  I did take it in twice, complaining about insufficient air conditioning.  Unfortunately, to make it cool satisfactorily in the hot Texas summers, I had to switch out of Auto and set the controls manually.  Having done that, however, I would get sufficient cooling.  That doesn't seem right for an entry-level luxury car.I was dismayed to have to replace the original equipment Goodyear tires at 23,000 mi.  This is abysmal for tires of that quality.  Replaced them with Pirellis, and that made a huge difference in the car's handling.  Highly recommended!The seats were very comfortable and the memory positioning allowed my 5' girlfriend to easily share the car with my 5' 10' frame.  The Bose radio system was superbe.  Controls were logical and easy to operate.While the car was attractive, it was not a knockout.  From some angles it actually looked somewhat humble.  But the Ocean paint was a truly beautiful color and presented different personalities depending upon the color of the sky.The trunk was large and had good access.  The lip is not too high, and the lid rotates up and forward, allowing me to easily lean over the trunk without bumping my head on it.The car is certainly not a racer, but it could be set into a corner agressively and stay right there all the way through.  Steering was heavier than I would like, but the car would stay where you put it.  The biggest handling downfall, though, is a tendency to wander in the lane while travelling straight.  Accelleration was slow - too bad!  Braking, on the other hand, could pull your eyes out of their sockets.  If pushed to the extreme, the ABS would kick in with gentle pulsing of the brake pedal, allowing me to manuever the car any way I wanted on any kind of surface.While the car did spend more time than I would have liked at the dealer's, they always provided me with a loaner (which was usually a full-size Cadillac), so I was never out of circulation.  They were always quick about taking care of me, both when I brought the car in and when I returned it.  Since all the work was done under warrantee, I paid nothing for any repairs.The fact that I traded it in on a 2000 Catera Sport should tell you whether I would recommend this car.
AVOID THIS CAR AT ALL COSTS.
Over all this has be a great car and iam glad I bought it.  I do alot of traving to the United Staes, about 900 one way and she acts perfect.  At first when i read that some of yall had major problem with your's especailly the 1997-1998 model I got scared, what may need to be done to your cars is a Lemon check!  I guess my car is doing good cause of the oil we used down here!....hahaha.  I also got a great deal.  I bought it for about 2,123,120 pesos, in American dollars about 19,000 NEW. Catera is big down here as well has your other Germany and American luxury cars in the bigger cities!
If you get a two-year-old Catera at a decent price, you won't be disappointed.  I went from a new Civic bought in 1997 (at frighteningly close to the same price) and the difference is like night and day.  The Cadillac is faster (but not an Indy car), more solid, and a lot more durable (Detroit has tons of potholes in the roads and people who can't park their SUVs without bashing your car.  The Catera stands up to both of these a lot better than my previous cars did).  It's a nice, subtle, solidly-built car for people who don't need to be flashy.I think that Cadillac must have made some huge improvement over the 1997 model, because I can't say that I've shared many (if any) of the problems people have so far complained about.The real problem with the Catera is that it should be marketed as a Buick and priced at about $25,000 new.  The Opel Omega on which it is based is considered something of a more middle-class car in Germany.
BIG mistake! bought the car on October 3,2000. has been in the shop for numerous things. lots of computer problems,coils,gaskets,modules,spark plugs.a/c doesnt work ,if you idle(waiting for the light to turn green!).headlight assembly -terrible trying to drive at night! car likes to go to the right-always. tire stems splitting -replace them at least 2 times a month or have flat tires.Brakes have been checked out but cont. to squeak!!i have had 4 ignition coils put on the car in 5.5 weeks.DONT BUY THIS CAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DONT BUY THIS CAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My experience with this car has been less than favorable since the day I purchased it.  Every system in the car has failed at one point or another (several times) but has been repaired free of charge under warrenty.  The car has left me stranded on the road more than once.  I have driven new DeVilles as warrenty loaner cars seemingly more than my own.  I should have bought the Lexus I was considering.  Cadillac service at my dealership has been less than favorable.  I honestly believe that Cadillac is not equiped to work on or diagnose these German built cars.  I would not recommend this car it has been in the shop 22 times since I took delivery.  Most repairs take more than one week. The AC and heating systems would fail in the most extreme temperatures and has been repaired 6 times.  Finally after re-routing the electrical system the problem has been fixed, however my door locks buttons stay illuminated 24 hours a day which is a drain on the battery.
Not bad at all, handling is very good, Sound system is the finest one,Unfortunately not enough Power between 500 - 4000 RPM, after 4000 RPM it really moves like a Sports Sedan.Some People are concerned about the Tires, needs to be changed after 25.000miles ?! This is a Sports Sedan with a very tough Suspension, put differentSprings and Shocks in and the Tires will last for ever, but Performance and handling will be gone. It also has it's plus and minus, Maintenance costsare a little bit to high but you get what you pay for, nothing different from an Audi or BMW, you pay for the Name.I'll recommend some little changes, like K&N Airfilter, Bilstein Suspension and Chip- upgrade to about 235 Horses, it's really more Fun.So far only minor problems like Oxygen Sensor, Battery, Gear Shift indicator. Oil Change every 3000 Miles ( Syn. Mobil1) and only high OctaneGas, the Valves are noisy with only 89 Octane.The AC could be a little bit colder ( black Car in the Summer !) 
Hi I have a 1997 Cadillac Catera it has 25,000 miles. I bought it 4 months ago and it has been a dream runs perfect. and its a CADDY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This car runs nice when it's not in the shop.  Hey!!! That's the problem:  it's always in the shop.  I'll never, ever, ever, ever buy another Cadillac!!! I wish I would have read the reviews from all of you before I made this financial miscue; but all is not lost if we follow up on banding together to put the pressure on GM to acknowledge that this car is a certified Lemon.  I've had it 8 months and I've been to the shop about 10 times.  I'm calling my GM rep tomorrow and I'm going to demand that I get another car (I sure as heck don't want another Catera). I know he/she will not do anything, but I'm determined to keep pushing until I'm at least acknowledged.
3 words, PIECE OF JUNK!!! never in my entire life of driving, or being a passenger have I ever experienced a more unreliable, seemingly unrepairable vehicle. I think the only thing the catera has got going for it is its styling, stereo system, and longer than most factory warranty(THANK GOODNESS!!)  My reasons for purchasing the car were quite simple, I was young, never owned a luxury car, and thought it was the best deal in the world, even after all my co-workers at the car dealership where I worked strongly warned me against purchasing one, and even after I convinced my mother that this was the greatest car in the world because she had to co-sign for me to get the car, I decided to purchase it anyway, talk about a bad move!!!  The day I took the car home the july heat was sweltering, and I had to turn the ac all the way up just to get adequate cooling, and later on that night the check engine light came and went off seemingly whenever it felt like it.  Never again would I purchase a catera, (which makes it's smoother, more reliable,  more powerful v-8 brothers duck their heads in shame) for the simple fact that it is a poorly designed off set of a car that has a poor reliability record even in germany.  For this car gets my vote for 'the caddy that wiggles its internals aloose!
Well I love My Catera, but I need your help people!  Iam comparing yalls problems vs mine.  The only problem I have is that fog ligh thave a short and will sometimes work, ABS&TC light always stays on!  But here where it hits the fan, currently I have 97k miles on the Catera, at 60k miles ( Cadillac recomends that) at Cavender Cadillac in San Antonio, I had them replace the belt and tensoners, but on my way back form Houston, about 100 miles forom home I stoped at a gas station to put gas.  Well when I started the car and i heard like this grind noise and sounded like the belts where whistling, anyways that grind noise went away and only made it for a while when you started the car, but whiste noise stayed all the way home, till I took it to the dealer.  They said it was the harmonic balance, and their was a recall, so I said fine do the adjustments.  Well after leaving the dealer about a block away it stared to make the same noise, but i knew it was not the work that was just done.  When I got home, I asked my dad to look at it sinec he has alot of knowledge about GM cars!  Well for these one he had no DAMM idea what was the problem!  We called a former GM plant worker frenid of are's and asked him too look at it, LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING HE DID NOT KNOW WHAT A CATERA WAS, AND WHEN HE LOOKED UNDER THE HOOD HE WAS SUPRISE TO SEE WHAT HE SAW, NO ONE HAS KNOWLEDGE ON THIS CAR, only the dealer but they charge a arm and leg! since iam out of warrnty!  Finally we took thing apart and found out it was a tensoner to the timing belt!  It should have lasted for a other 30k miles but gave out prematurly!  I called Cadillac main office, Better business beauea, and comsumer protection to explain the problem and to see why this happened.  But I got the same bull only 12k mile warr. on parts.  So iam out of luck, I had the but the kit which was $230.00 dollars, we followed instruction and took for ever to put on but we did it!  Went inside to start it.........and did not start!!!!!!  We called 6 different people who are very familar with Cadillac's...NOT ONE COULD FIX IT!  The Catera has been sitting at home for 3 months on stands just building dirt, NO ONE FREAKING KNOWS WHAT WRONG WITH THE CAR!  Lastly I called the dealer yesterday and asked how much would it be just to look at it and fix it?...he said about a thousand dollars!!!!  When I bought this car, I bought it for style and realiblity being my first luxury car, it surly does look nice sitting under a tree, but I cant afford that now, I thought that investment back then to get that belt change would help my avoid this NIGHTMARE but iam stuck between two rocks....I NEED YOUR HELP, IF ANYONE HAS HAD THE SAME PROBLEMS DEALING WITH THE TIMING SHAFT I BEG YOU EMAIL ME!
We bought the car in January 2001 and are in the process of getting rid of it.  In the 6 months we have had the car, it has been in the shop 5 times for significant (water pump, radiator) problems, and insignificant (cup holder breaking, rear window motor).  It seems once you get it home from the dealership, something else is going wrong.  We should have picked up on this when we took delivery on the car.  The radiator was leaking, got that fixed, and then the battery went dead the following day.Please, if you arent going to listen to me on this one, listen to all of the other unsatisfied 1997 Catara owners...Stay away from this vechile, they are snake bitten.  You owners w/ positive experiences are very lucky.We are taking a financial beating on this car trading it in.  Can't wait to get back into a Blazer.
This car sucks. Having owned it for a little over a year, it has spent more time in the shop than in my driveway. I bought it with about 27,000 miles on it and have only put about 10000 miles on it so far. I have had it in the shop at least 5-6 times this year. First, some hose broke and the car kept overheating because the coolant kept leaking out. Next, the battery died, then the front door jammed and could not be closed. The car always seemed out of alignment, and now I've had to replace the tires at 36000 miles (they were worn to threads). The tire dealer told me the support arms are broken and it will cost approx $1000 to fix. Not to mention I keep smelling burning oil occasionally although my dipstick tells me the oil level is OK and I can't find any leaks. I'm going to a Honda dealer tomorrow to get rid of this piece of crap car.
This Catera was my first luxury vehicle. I din't do a whole lot of research before I purchased the car and now I have to admit that I sorely regret it. I have an 89' S-10 that I still drive with 285000 original miles on it. It hasn't given me ANY problems with the engine/transmission drive train. I am very meticulous about maintainence. The Catera has been in 4 service centers in various parts of the country. Don't be fooled by the smooth and comfortable ride. The drive train on these cars is of very poor workmanship, as opposed to the body structure which is very solid. I have had several different oil leaks, where oil is pouring out of the oil cooler which is located in the engine block, to oil dripping on the exhaust from the valve covers. The latest problem is the my Camshaft belt. At 73000 miles the tensioner pulley wore out and froze up. It looks like the center of the pulley that the bearing races are attached to is aluminum which is not a strong metal and wore aout causing the bearing to fail and my engine to be destryed by the Cam Belt which was worn down in the process. I wrote Cadillac and complained, but no satisfactory offer was made to reconcile my problem. I am very dissatifsied with this product and warn any who may be considering the purchase of this vehicle to steer clear. It is a nice car overall, but prepare for an expensive money pit. The engine is $7900 to replace not including labor charges.  
Worst car I have ever owned and that included the 1989 Hyundai Sonata (also first year model). Cadillac should be ashamed of itself for putting out such a low quality vehicle.  I thought by spending more for the car I was getting a quality vehicle I could keep for a very long time.  Instead I got rid it it last week after only 41,000 miles.  I couldn't stand it continually breaking down, the inability of the dealership to fix it, and the poor service I got at Coleman Cadillac in Bethesda, MD.  Coleman would only give me $ 7,500 in trade for a new Catera (I know-my wife thought I was crazy to even consider another one).  Finally sold it to CarMax for $ 10,250.  Bought a 2001 Pontiac Bonneville which I love.  I wrote several letter to GM (CEO and Cadillac GM)-to their credit they did extend the warranty to 5 year-75,000 miles.  When I finally could not take it anymore (when the car wouldn't shift out of first gear and had to be towed back to the shop) I was given an owner loyalty certificate which I used to purchase the Pontiac.  So writing letters does work to some extent.
This is the worst car we have ever owned! EVER! Everything has gone wrong. It stalls, it doesn't always start, its sqeaks (we took it to Bob Moore Cadillac to have this fixed, and they said they all sqeak) BULL! It didn't when we first got it. We had to replace the whole seat heater in the drivers seat. The door pops and cracks on the drivers side. The door locks don't always work, and everything is so expensive to get fixed. We are getting rid of this car and getting a Mazda Tribute. Wr though Cadillac was one of the best cars you could buy, and maybe they are, but the Catera is TRASH! Don't buy it! I promise, if you do, you will be sorry. The only two good things are the sound system and its good looks.
If I had only read these reviews on here before hand, I would not have given this car a thought.  We just got this car out of shop at 60,000 miles timing belt went out.  Was told  there is not alot of mechanics knowledgeable about this car.  Mechanic's worst night mare I was told.  Now I need to take back in for drivers door (2nd replacement).  Also had in 5 months ago with coolant leak.  Was told it was Heater control valve.  That was $300.00.  I have seen alot of these reviews and seems to be the same problems on this model.
The 'Craptera' is probably the worst car I have ever owned. Get rid of them before the warranty finishes. Electrical, engine, transmission and tires are all substandard. If you have Goodyear GSA tires on the 17in. rims...that thump in the morning..I won through warranty arbitration!GM provides no Lease Loyality program with this car either..They don't want them back..
So far the car is running great! I'm truily praying that it doesn't have the defects that the 1997 model has. We got a great deal on the car (seeing it's only two yrs old) since the Catera is no longer made.
So far Ihave had no problems with my Catera.Right after I bought the car,I talked to a friend who is a Buick and Caddy salesman.He said tht every Catera he sold,that the engines had to be replaced.He als said that he always tries to talk customers in to buying anything but a Catera.So ever since I have been kind of looking over my shoulder at coming problems.I bought extended warrentys up to 100,000mi.I hope I don't have ant problems before I sell it.
This is my 3'rd Omega(Catera) in a row.  They have brougt me nothing but Happiness!  I don't know what they do to the cars over at your part of the world but our Opel manufactured Omega's are really good in all ways.  My 3 (Catera's) (1995 Caravan-1995 Sedan and 2000 sedan)on them I'we never had any other expenses with them than ordinary Dealer-services.I recommend everyone to try and get one yourselves!  This Car Eats BMW and Mercedeses for Breakfast!
JUDAS H PRIEST!!!!What a hunk of sh-t!!Whether this cars design came from the Opel in Germany or the U.S. pieced this car together, all I can say is these 2 world super powers built a car while on drugs!! Not only did I report my problems to the Better Business Buruea and GM headqaurters but my Catera almost qualified for the Illinois State Lemon Law. To qualify you need 4 of the same problems within a year after purchase to get compensated. In my case it was the battery. Since I owned the car (2.5 years) the battery has died on me exactly 16 times. In addition...the sunroof likes to open when it wants, power steering goes out because the car doesn't know any better. There is a huge list!!! The dealer (Motorwerks, Barrington, IL) fixes the problems as they occur, but if the problems don't occur when the car is at the dealer they think that you are making these problems up and they won't fix it because they say there is nothing to fix. COME ON GUYS, LETS GET PRO-ACTIVE AND TAKE THE WORD OF THE CUSTOMER THAT THESE PROBLEMS EXIST!!! I know that GM Headquarters and all Cadillac dealerships know that this car sucks so they are shafting all the current owners of the Catera because it would probably put them out of business if they did the 'right thing.' Cadillac should go pound some sand!!! Meanwhile I'm buying Japanese.
I bought our Catera for my wife.  Being our first luxury car I expected more reliability out of it.  We have owned it for almost a year and it has been in the shop four times under warranty for electrical problems, water pump, shift linkage, crankshaft damper and a myriad of other problems that a car shouldn't have until it gets a lot of miles on it.  It has to go in again for a recall on a hose.  Right now it is in the shop again due to the fact that upon inspection all the spark plugs are completely submersed under oil that has leaked into an area that it shouldn't have.  It is not under warranty any more.  Here is the breakdown of necessary parts and labor....Spark plug wires = $172 (yikes!)- labor to install them = $310 (yikes again!), timing belt and labor = $320, intake and valve cover gaskets and labor = $275.  Grand total without tax = $1,077.  Whoever heard of Valve cover gaskets priced at $107 per pair or better yet, $482 for plug wires plus installation.  This will be the first and last foreign car to be parked in our driveway.  I love my T-bird and I'm trading this Catera in for something that has Ford Motor Company stamped on it.  Valve cover gaskets for my T-bird run about $12 per pair.  Anyone out there considering buying a Catera should research parts availability and cost.  It will shock them back into reality.
This is a horrible car.  My husband actually drives it (when it's not in the shop) and has had nothing but problems with it.  We bought it used with 27,000 miles and have since found out the previous owner had nothing but trouble with it.  It's been to 3 different dealerships and all seem to be incompetent.  You would think they would admit to a problem and solve it just to get rid of us.  We are now taking legal action because we have finally been told by an independent tire dealer that the frame is bent and it will always pull to the right unless the frame is fixed.  The bent frame is not a result of an accident.  We were told at one of the dealerships we've taken it to that this is a common problem, but Caddilac will not admit to that.
As far as I am concerned, I got ripped off.  I will never own another Cadillac.  I should have bought myself a $1,500.00 moped an invested the other 33 grand in a house or something.
For the most part I like my Catera; it is a lot of car for the money. I am a little concerned about the life of the car. If Im having all these problems with 40K miles on the car, what will it be like with 120K miles? This is a better buy used then any new car in under $20,000.  (Gm,Ford,Honda,Toyota,etc.) With the warrenty.  Would I recommend it? For $15,000 YES, nothing like it. For $30,000 No way, Save up for a real car a c-class or a is300 of my pick a new 325.
It has been on the road 45 months and has been the shop between 22 and 24 times. Lost all of its coolant,and in the process of repairing that they put a hole in the emissions hose and still needed to put more coolant in.I have had the car since Aug 1999, and I have had it in the shop approximately 13 times, and its been in the shop total 25 times in 45 months. I have been locked out twice with me holding the key and it wouldnt unlock the door, and the dealership only wants to give me 10,000 for it. I will never buy another cadillac againg and will talk all of my friends out of buying one.   yours truly,  Saretta Rowland
the 1997 cadiliac is not a very dependable vehicle. majority of the time it is in the shop having some type of service. plus you have to have some type of bank accoutn or good credit to keep a car like this, so i advise anyone who's thinking about purchasing a catera to read these review before making a decision. this is not a poor man car.
I am a legal secretary and I can not stand to waste time having my car in the shop so many times.  No battery should fail that many times.  I just talked a man with a 2000 Catera he is leaseing and he said he has not had it that long but he had to have all the tires replaced under warranty.  So the end line is 'if you don't have the full factory warranty on a Catera sell, sell, sell before it runs out'  The other factor is when you can tell from looking at my color pictures and know that this glass fractured from stres which is a defect of the car and it does come between the bumper to bumper warranty it is hard to believe which such evidence the supervisor from this area will not except that I saw and there were witness and picture to prove the car has a defect or was in a rear end collision which was not disclosed on the pre owned car.  Cadillac customer service from OR (?) (I addressed my letter to Detroit) is calling me back tomorrow so if you have had a glass problem please contact me at JFSPA@msn.com or jjrsjr@msn.com before 2:00 when she is calling back to advise me what she has found out from the engineering standpoint of a defective stress situation with this car.  Thanks if you can help, please contact me. 
For the paltry 19000 I paid for this optioned out certified luxury perfomance sedan I can think of no other equal. I have been an autophile for all of my life and never thought I would want a car to haul the kids around in. But four doors over these four wheels is just what the doctor ordered. It's just a rebadged Opel Omega from Europe. And I am glad GM owns Opel. WOW! What the heck are you doing reading this? Get your butt down to your Cadillac dealer and get one NOW!
I paid $17,900.00 with twenty seven thousand miles on the car. I highly recomend the car so far. The interior is well sound proofed so there is very little outside noise. 
IM JUST WONDERING WHATS GONNA HAPPEN WHEN IT GETS HIGHER MILAGE ON IT.AFTER WHAT I JUST READ ON A COUPLE OF SITES I THINK I WILL GET RID OF OURS NOW.TIRED OF LIVING AT THE DEALER ALREADY ANYWAY.
I am looking forward to driving the new 2000, I hope that they got the bugs out. I think the next time I spend that kind of money, I'll get a BMW.
This car just keeps on springing up new problems.  Since I submitted the last review I have an oil leak and now some kind of problem with the drive train or it could be electrical, add that to the wearing tires, window problems, moonroof problems, coolant problems, water pump, valve problems, and you have got an absolutely useless piece of crap that you have to pay $800.00 dollars worth of property tax (A nice SC benefit) in order to drive it back and forth to the shop.  Since my warranty ran out 1500 miles ago I can't afford to have it checked.....at least not by the so called 'service department' at the dealership.  The car looses power, like it has been shifted into neutral, while I'm driving.  The city, the interstate, everywhere.  This could be potentially dangerous.  If you are thinking about buying a Catera...... Think again!
I would recommend this car to anyone who wants an affordable car with style and performance without the skicker SHOCK you would think. I have to say if you buy used, Please get the extended warrenty, it's worth the money you may have to cough up later.
My wife loves the car!  The styling and design are awesome, although there could have been more interior storage compartments (the glove compartment is very small).  I love driving it.  I fit very comfortably even though I am 6'4'.  One the negative side, for a $35,000 car it sure has a lot of problems.  We have had the car less than a year and its been in the shop several times already.  At the recommendation of my service rep, I purchased an extended warranty.
I recommed you alway have your warranty papers and card with you.  The road service is first class.  Although this is a second followup review I hope they will print it so we can find a safe solution to the problems before someone get  hurt from flying glass or failure of circuit duplication like I mentioned that the circuitry that turns on the fan to cool the engine also is part of the audio and a/c system in the computerized functions of this vehicle. So if your radio and a/c will not come on you know your car is going to overheat if you are stopped in traffic.  
I THINK THE CAR IS BEAUTIFUL STYLISH BUT I HAVE THE CAR FOR 3 MONTHS AND ITS BEEN IN CADILLAC TWICE ALREADY.THE 1ST TIME WAS FOR THE ABS AND TRACTION CON LIGHT WILL STAY ON ALSO THE TERRIBLE GAS MILAGE THEY FIXED THE LIGHT BUT TOLD ME I NEEDED SERVICE WHICH COST ME 200 DOLLARS TO FIX THE GAS PROBLEM.ISTILL HAVE THE PROBLEM,BROUGHT THE CAR BACK TO CADILLAC THEY CHECK IT AND TOLD ME THEY CAN'T FIND NOTHING WRONG.IF I DID NOT HAVE THIS PROBLEM THIS CAR WOULD BE GREAT.PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH ANY RECOMMENDATION.
Has anyone out there thought about getting together and filing a law suit against GM. Since I wrote my last review my car had to be towed in dead and the timing chain broke and they had to replace all pistons,valves and timing chain to the tune of 4500. Thank God for extended warranty. The car now has 60000 miles on it. The dealer kept the car 9 days and we picked it up yesterday drove it 2 miles and the check engine light came on and the car started spitting and sputtering, we made it to a gas station and called the service dept, they sent us a driver to take us home, and a tow truck for the car. this means the car has now been on the road about 48 months and in the shop 28 times. GM says it is not their fault, because I did not buy it from the them. I advised its their fault because they made the car. I want them to buy back the car, and I'll buy a new one, but they want give me enough for my car. I think we all ought to drive the broken down pieces of junk to Detroit and leave them on Mr Richard Wagner's front porch, since he is the CEO of GM and let him live with them yours trulySaretta Rowland
We purchased our vehicle with only 52,000 miles, after 5 months and only 4,000 miles we were left stranded on the highway because of the timing chain going out, valves and camshaft will also need to be worked on, car pulls to the right, engine runs a bit hotter than normal, transmission is not quiet and vibrates a little when idling, rear passenger door handle broke off, expensive key to duplicate: it will cost you a liitle over $80.00 to cut.  Overall, I would suggest to anyone out there shopping for a Catera, dont buy one, spend your money on a better, more dependable car.When ours comes out of the shop this week I am trading it in for something else, if you happen to see a cranberry colored one (red) on the shoulder of a NM highway, it might have been mine, but only good thing about this is I am not the one waiting for a tow truck this time!  Dont get a Catera!
THIS CATERA WAS THE FIRST CAR I HAVE EVER PAID FOR MYSELF.  THE CAR IS A MECHANICS DREAM.  I BOUGHT THIS CAR AT 35,000 MILES.  I NOW HAVE 55,000 MILES.  FROM 40,000 TO 50,000 MILES MY CAR WAS IN THE CADDIALAC DEALERSHIP A TOTAL OF 18 TIMES, NO LIE.  MANY PROBLEMS ARE REOCCURING ONES.  I HAVE HAD MY A/C COMPRESSOR FIXED TWICE,  MY SPARK PLUG HARENESS CHANGED TWICE, TIMING-CHAIN REPLACED, BATTERY REPACED, HAVE HAD EXHAUST HOSES UNDER THE HOOD CHANGED THREE TIMES, DOOR BROKE OFF HINGES, TIRE PROBLEMS, AND BRAKE PROBLEMS.  I HAVE HAD TO GET A NEW TRANSMISSION AND A NEW COOLANT UNIT REPALCED.  LUCKILY ALL THIS HAPPENED UNDER WARRANTY OR IT WOULD HAVE COST THOUSANDS.  THIS CAR IS SO BAD THAT I LEFT MY CAR WITH THE DEALERSHIP FOR A WHOLE WEEK TO FIX SOME THINGS. ON MY WAY HOME FROM PICKING THE CAR UP , IT CUTS OFF ON ME ON THE EXPRESSWAY.  ONLY LAST WEEK DID THE DEALERSHIP TELL ME THAT CATERAS HAVE A LOT OF PROBLEMS, DUH. ALL OF MY FRIENDS TELL ME THAT I DON'T HAVE A REAL CADILLAC AND I ALWAYS ARGUED BACK UNTIL RECENTLY.  I WOULD HAVE NEVER THOUGHT THAT CADILLAC WOULD MAKE A PRODUCT SO BAD.  WHAT'S WORSE IS THAT I BOUGHT AN EXTENDED WARRANTY SO THAT I WOULDN'T  BREAK MYSELF WHEN SOMETHING GOES WRONG. I HAVE HAD THE WARRANTY FOR 4 WEEKS AND HAVE ALREADY HAD TO GET REPAIRS DONE TWICE.  I STILL HAD TO PAY 2- $150 DEDUCTIBLES JUST TO GET THE WORK DONE.  WOULD SOMEONE PLEASE LET ME KNOW IF GENERAL MOTORS HAS SOME KIND OF LEMON-POLICY WHERE THEY BUY BACK THEIR DISFUNCTIONAL VEHICLES. I KNOW THAT CADILLAC SOMEHOW DIDN'T BUILD ALL  1997 CATERAS CORRECCTLY BECAUSE I HAVE TWO AUNTS THAT THEM AND THEY HAVE NEVER HAD ANY TROUBLE.  MY TROUBLE IS EASILY ENOUGH FOR THEIRS AND TWO MORE CATERAS.  
Everyone who has written a review shows the concern of the majority of owners  who have been left out in the cold and its their fault if they will not get together . . .  and lets get started here and now.  Let me hear from you and we will form a group with a voice made strong by our numbers.  
This is a great car! Even though its called Opel Omega over here in Europe, it´s essentially the same car as the US Cadillac Catera. When I bought this car just over a year ago (its a 1995 model)it had been driven 75000km and even though I´ve put another 10000km on its odometer, it has never broken down or caused me any problems.This car is ideal for people who like to travel because it has good space for five adults and their luggage. Also it doesn´t hurt that the car is fun to drive, has lots of luxury touches such as electrically controlled seats,windows,side-mirrors and sunroof plus quality leather on all seating surfaces. It´s only downside is its considerable heft (1650kilos)but that of course just means better crashworthiness!
I have nothing but positive things to say about this car. I bought it at   13600km and now it has 289000km. I've only performed regular oil changes to the car and replaced the lower control arm and front springs. So, total repair costs $850.00. The smoothness of the car is still there and the pickup has not lost it pull at all. Oh! no! I forgot to do a regular tune up! that's o.k, It still doesn't feel like it needs one.
This piece of crap has been constant problems since the salesman at Bob Saks conned us in to buying it.Transmission problems. 4 recalls for timing problems ,harmoic balancer ,rear end .Parts are extremely expensive.I just found out this car is not a cadillac but an opel. Opel is a crap car and I would not have bought it if the salesman had been honest with me and told me this. I will never trust General Motors again. I always thought GM meant quality but I guess I was wrong. I had always bought Ford before I should have known.
Major Lemon! Purchased with 30,000 miles used, first week the steering column fell apart. Since then, a range of problems including plugs and wires shorted out, frying 2 oxygen sensors and the ignition coil - In the shop now with a $2000 estimate. Parts are wickedly expensive - plug wire cost $425, normal GM are $50. How do they sleep at night? We will never, ever buy another Cadillac! DO NOT BUY THIS CAR! LEMON, LEMON, LEMON!
I don't think anyone in their right mind should ever buy thins garbage!!!!!!!! It practically fell apart when rove it !!!! OMG   I COULD HAVE BEEN KILLED  WHAT R THEY THINKING!!!!!!!!!!!1
I purchased this car about a year ago, and have had nothing but trouble. The current issue is the transmission. Car starts like it is in third gear. Of course my extended warranty thinks there is no problem, they however don't have to drive it in traffic. During the course of having this car I have driven rental cars more miles than my own and every enterprise employee within 100 mile radious knows me by name. This car is the Caddy equivalent of a YUGO!!!!
Let's talk about a lemon, the car I purchased was as 1997, at a little over the warranty I was on my way to work and it jumped timing, I have to tow it in and found that the engine was gone, I couldn't afford it so I let it go, then 2 weeks later I get two recall papers on the exact same problem that caused the engine to fail, now I have this account on my credit and it's killing me. That's what I call a piece of crap....
This car sucks.....It needs to be repaired all the time. My granmother got one and it wasn't even a week before it was in the shop. She has had it for a year now and it has been in the shop more times than I have fingers. Cadillac should be ashamed of themselves putting a car like this out. I'm not surprised knowing the quality of ALL GM cars. They are all garbage. I wish she had got a lexus or something and then she would have had more quality. Fortunately she doesn't use it, but to go back and forth to get groceries and go to work. This car is also listed as one of the TOP WORST USED cars. Don't believe me? Go to Yahoo's auto section and check out the consumer car reports and it will be right there. All the cars in the WORST list are AMERICAN cars. All the cars in the BEST list are all foriegn cars. Makes me ashamed to be an american. Isn't this suppose to be GM's premium flagship line? Why can't they make better cars? Don't they care about putting pride in our work?
IF YOU HAVE A CATERA STILL UNDER GM FACTORY WARRANTY - 4 YRS. / 50,000 MILES  YOU MAY EXTEND THIS COVERAGE WITH A GENERAL MOTORS PROTECTION PLAN. THERE ARE OTHER WARRANTIES AVAILABLE, BUT THEY ARE NOT THE SAME. FOR INFORMATION CALL 972-455-6301 MICHAEL CAPPS. IF YOU OWN A CATERA DO NOT KEEP IT WITHOUT A WARRANTY. YOU CAN READ THE REVIEWS. 972-455-6301 MICHAEL CAPPS
Terrible car, I WANT MY MONEY BACK. There were so many problems and recalls at the start that I have been afraid to take this car more than towing distance from my home. Pully went &left me stranded, heated seats got so hot had to get out or fry, wears tires like crazy, all sorts of light problems, break lights dont work and no one knows why, hot water valve leaked out all the anti freez & had to be replased now whole inside of car smells of antifreze, has been in the shop 14 times, mechanics know they laugh when you say catera, now its recalled again but engine is blown, head gasket they think oil got into cooling system which will also have to be replased, we should not accept this, this car does not work never did, it was a lemon the day I bought it, GM knows this and his responsibility for the product they sell, Germany must be embarrassed to be associated with this terrible product. email me if you have similar experiences, I am willing to share legal costs if needed: my email is: jhanlyfx@hotmail.com.
Watch out for this one. I hate to sound like the stereotypical domestic-automobile basher, but this car has been one disappointment after another. Thinking back now, I could have put all of this money towards a downpayment on a REAL damned luxury car, not a pseudo-cheese.
THIS CAR HAS WAY TOO MANY NEGATIVE REVIEWS. I FEEL THIS IS A VERY STRONG CAR AND I HAVE HAD NO PROBLEM WITH IT, I HAVE A 100,000 EXTENDED WARRANTY ON IT ANYWAYS. ITS A CADILLAC, YOU EXPECT REPAIRS TO BE CHEAP???? DONT OWN IT IF YOU CANT AFFORD IT!
After a bit of research I chose a 2000 Catera to replace my XJ6. Although a little less flash on the outside, the interior actually offers more features than the Jag did. The car looks great and offers a nice balance between ride and handling. It offers most possible options as standard equipment and is fun to drive. A local Cadillac dealer ran the history of the car, found then took care of a couple of warranty issues like the belt tensioner, etc. I simply love this car! It still has a year of the original warranty coverage, at the end of which I will purchase an extended coverage. I get about 24 mpg and power is acceptable for a car of this size and power rating. No complaints regarding the car and I love the service I received at Sapaugh Cadillac.
I feel that the Catera is an all around outstanding vehicle. Luxury, ans sportyness!! Built to last and run for ever. Any problem that I have had has been minimal, and my Cadillac dealer always puts me in another Cadillac, not some cheesy compact.
I am from Germany and have driven Opels all my life. The only Opel available on this side of the Atlantic is the Omega B or Cadillac Catera. So I bought one. Got the extended warranty but havn't needed it so far.    The car is the successor of the Opel Senator and feels exactly like it. Unfortunately Opel went away from straight sixes. The V6 in the Omega/Catera has nothing left of the BMW like smoothnes of their straight sixes. As soon as the engine hits 4000 RPM and the intake flap of the Dual Ram injection opens the engine noise is outright nasty.    Nonetheless, I constantly catch myself driving it hard and I am often surprised about it's handling. Not as crisp as my BMW 740i, but Opel is always more on the comfortable side in suspensio set up.    The car likes to rev. Unfortunately they have apparently not changed the engine characteristics to accomodate for driving in a country with a speed limit. In Germany the car is a serious Autobahn performer (faster than E 300 and 528i) and the sluggishness off the line shows it as does the strong pull above 80 mph when it really comes into its own. Over here they should have put more emphasis on 0-60 rather than the 60-120 acceleration needed for Autobahn driving.    The car lacks the refinement of BMW and Mercedes but it also only costs half the money used but is 90% as good. Prices that other owners complain about seem pretty normal to me. After all it is a German luxury Sedan in disguise. The car and the parts are built in Germany at German labour costs. So you have to expect prices to be on the level of Mercedes/BMW/Audi parts.    Fuel consumption is surprisingly good. However hard I drive it I never get over 10 liter per 100 km (under 23.5 mpg).
I love it! Had 20K mi when I got it. Have put 
Well, I got a really great deal on this car! The dealer was asking $17,999 on the lot, but I saw that he had also posted the car on Ebay for $11,400. I was the high bidder and picked it up for just above its trade-in value which according to KBB was $10,900. It's crazy the amount of mark-up on these cars. It had 35,000 miles on it with the remainder of the original warranty to 50,000 miles. Overall, I like the car. I've had it for 2 months now and haven't had much to worry about. The car has been to the dealer twice for warranty work--the front suspension has been rattling for some time and they still haven't fixed it yet--that upsets me a little. Other things that went wrong were not major--just little stuff that irritated me. I did have to have the a/c air filter replaced and the dealer charged me 25.00 labor for something i could have done in 5 minutes. This car is expensive to maintain, which is surprising. My Saab and BMW were less expensive, when it came to replacing the air filters at least. The Catera handles just as well as my 1998 BMW 528i and much, much better than my 1995 Saab 9000 CSE Turbo. As far as power goes, the Catera's 200-hp V6 does well, but isn't as powerful as my previous two cars. I am a little disappointed with that. The car is comfortable, but not as much as the BMW or Saab. Alarm is pretty lame--no alarm indicator (red flashing light to let thieves know your car has an alarm) on the dash. Instead of a panic button on the remote, they put a gas cap release button--give me a break. If it weren't for the On-Star system being able to track the car if it gets stolen, I would be down at Best Buy getting a new alarm system installed! Overall, for the price, I am happy. I drive the car 50 miles roudtrip each day and it performs well for a commuter car (much better than a Ford Taurus or Toyota Camry which my company gives out). OH--gas mileage is disappointing. I get about 16 mpg. Much lower than the window sticker said I would get. Maybe the poor mileage is b/c I have the transmission in Sport Mode all the time. New this car cost $35,000 according to the window sticker--I wouldn't pay that for the car when you can buy a BMW or Benz, but at $11,400 it's well worth it! Another plus, my car insurance went down 15%, so that's good. It's not a BMW 528i, but given all the American cars out there, the Catera is certainly near the top and I would recommend it. P.S. I did buy an extended warranty for up to 100,000 miles or until 08/2005.
This is my first, and my last, Cadillac. Electronic gremlins and now a 'wobble' in the steering, which is more pronounced when the engine is cold. The techs say that they know about the cold wobble and that there isn't anything they can do about it. I am going back to Ford/Lincoln.
I love my 2000 Catera Sport. It is nearly a true European car in every sense of the word. It was very cool to see the Omegas all over Europe during a recent trip to Scandinavia. As for the Catera itself, it hasn't been the most reliable car since I've owned it but I bought it with this in mind. I made sure to get a Cadillac certified warranty thrown in with the car which covers me until 2006 or 100,000 miles. I take my car to Dimmitt Cadillac in Clearwater, FL for all service and they are the best dealership I have ever been at. You get a loaner car with no questions asked, never challenged on warranty work and they even have ice cream, donuts, and a masseuse. I feel like I got a great car for the money ($15,900 with 28K) and I am very pleased with it overall. Only those that know what they are getting into should buy this car. Avoid the 97-99 model years and don't buy this car if you think it's like every other GM because it is not (thank God). Maintenance is of utmost importance and please try not to buy one without an extended warranty, repairs are very expensive! Otherwise, this car gets lots of looks and is beautiful to look at. If you're really seerious about this car I would ONLY recommend the Catera Sport which comes with awesome 17 inch rims and Xenon headlights. This car sticks out in a sea of plain jane BMW's, Mercedes, Acuras, and others.
I have to say that i absolutely LOVE this car. Not only does this car handle exceptionally well, but the Bose stereo system totally bumps! Granted I was a little dissapointed with the little 200hp engine, but i have done some enhancements and modifications to the engine and exhaust and bumped that # up to 285hp :) I have taken it to the track and it runs low 13's @ 101mph
I purchased my Catera in summer of 2002 with 19,000 miles. Today, with almost 75,000 miles, my Cadillac is still an excellent daily driver as well as a terrific over-the-road vehicle.     The Catera's strenghts really lie in its assembly quality. This car replaced a Mercedes 190E and is every bit as solid as that vehicle. The body panels fit with a decidedly un-GM like accuracy, the exterior paint is beautifully lustrous, and the materials used in the interior are very upscale in appearance and texture. My car is silver with a gray and black interior. After 5 years, the exterior finish is still glossy and the leather interior still looks like new despite daily wear and tear. I also appreciate that there are no squeaks or rattles and that the car still feels 'tight'.    Traveling frequently in western Kansas winds, the Catera's 'heft' and firmly-planted suspension prevent the car from being blown around on the interstate. The heated leather seats with muli-adjustable power controls make this a truly comfy car in which to spend extended periods of time at the wheel.     One caveat to this is that the car can have a very 'stiff' ride; it does not absorb road irregularities like larger Cadillacs.     Though the Catera is an 'entry-level' Cadillac, it does share the same repair and maintenance costs of upper-end models. Insurance costs also seem to be higher than one might expect.    Overall, the Catera has been a great vehicle purchase and would recommend it a great luxury car buy.
Run for the Hills if you own this car!!!! I've had this car going on 2 years & 3 months. I've driven the car maybe 18 months. The rest of the time, the car was spent at the dealer or in the garage non-operable. Cadillac should be totally ashamed for making this junk! It is unreliable & expensive to maintain. Where do I begin: 2004- replaced brake switch, repaired short in electrical sys. 2005- '02' sensor went while on highway & car shut down in the middle of 55 mph traffic! Mass air flow sensor, fuel pump, fuel filter, tension pulley, timing belt, water pump. At time of purchase, I was unaware this car was under two recalls. Nor was I informed such. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS CAR UNLESS YOU HAVE NO OTHER USE FOR YOUR MONEY!!! Don't even think about being re-imbursed, because if a cadillac dealer does not make the repairs at their astronomical rates, cadillac will not accept your receipts. SOS - please help. If you are no longer a proud catera owner, please e-mail with how you saved your bank account by getting rid of this car.
I have to say that I realy like this car, great ride, very sporty with a lot of power. I have only come across 1 problem in the short time I have had the car and that is a small head gasket leak. It drips into the fuel sensor causing the check engine light to come on. I wondering if any one else has the same problem and if you might know if Cadillac knew of this problem. The car only has 35,000 miles and it is starnge to have a bad head gasket with no know signs of an overheating problem. Hopefully this isn't the start to other problems.
We've had this car for 6 months. Right from the start the sun roof seems to open on its own! just whenever. and now, for the past week the 'fuel cap' light is coming on and the car dies, wherever. doesnt matter if your in the middle of the highway or heading for a stop light. sometimes you have enough time to pull it off the road sometimes not. we've replaced the fuel cap, did nothing. has been hooked up to a computer and says theres nothing wrong with it.   we are completely unsatisfied with this car. and wernt totally thinking when we purchased it. its a piece of crap. completely unreliable. and you'd think owning a cadillac you wouldnt have to worry about these things. we should have kept our honda.
I agree with most reviews.. but i also agree the year to buy the Catera was either 2000 or 2001.. what horrible stories Cadillac should be shot.. My 2000 Catera hasn't had that many problems.. especially with the engine.. i have seen minor problems, brakes, MAF sensor, Battery, the climate control modules decided one day it wasn't going to illuminate.. cadillac wanted $500 to replace it.. luckily i'm a aircraft mechanic... and i know the BS..took the module out had a radio repair shop replace all the bulbs inside the unit and i installed the unit back into my car for less the $100.. if anyone needs any maintenance tips on how to fix a certain item please email me.. ezelljr@hotmail.com i will gladly share with anyone what i know about the car so far.. i think it's a crying shame that the dealer is just out to take people..especially the folks who bought the older cadillacs...
The Cadillac Catera is a car all in its own. They are very rare because they are built from the opel omega MV6 in Germany. If you like BMW, Mercedes etc, you will love the Catera. Just remember one thing when you buy any german car plan on keeping it up, because they will cost you more than the Toyota but you will have a very nice ride in the process. The Catera is very nice, try one only if you can afford the repairs.
We had a ton of problems with this car in the first year. The first winter we owned it was absolutely horrible. The car spent approx. 1 month in the shop. Head gaskets, valve covers, some sensor regulating cold starts, etc. The moonroof opened and closed by itself, while the car was not running. All problems fixed and NONE since. But of course it is garaged every night now, don't want the cold weather to scare it.
First off, I will agree with many of the other reviews in this forum. The Catera was a problem child for Cadillac, and although many of the trouble issues where commonly handled, by warranty or by other means, the Catera turnes out to be just like any other car(please name a car that has been trouble free from day one, I DARE anyone!). Once the issues are handled, you'd be hard pressed to find fault with the car. The major and most commonly overlooked thing is this: The Catera had to make a transformation from Europe, were emmision regulations (at the time) where less than that of the US, and there for (for lack of a better word) had to be 'dumbed' down, to meet the emmision standards of the US. As for Luxury, this is in true Cadillac fasion above and beyond. Yes, I love the heated leather seats, and they are still in great shape, save for a small piece of trim near the side airbag in the backrest. The storage could be a little better, but most driver's will find a way to overcome this short fall. OH, and on the redesigned models the doors (ALL) have a nice little cubbie the is located under the power window controls. The 3.0 litre V-6 is a willing performer just as most have said. Although when the engine is pushed to the limit(redline) it feels as though it needs to take a breath and regroup for the next 50 yard dash, but once it has reached the cruising speed of your choice, it will glady and happily, cruise there all day , until the fuel light comes on, letting you know 'hey I need more fuel, if you wanna go farther.' Not trying to sound like a 'horn tooter', but if you are willing to go the distance, the Catera will scoot along at the governd(URRR)124 MPH, with not a whimper and whine. Remember that this is a car that was for the Autobahn and would will run to a max speed in Germany of about 150-160 MPH.  Fuel economy is usuall for a car this Large and will return on average  about 24 mpg, when driven easily and carefully. As an example that I have driven many times.. From Hickory NC to Warrenton Va. is about 400 miles, at a speed of 75-80 it will get you there, but you'll be on edge by the time you get to Warrenton VA, and you'll be scouting for the next Shell or Exxon. 
When I first purschased this car I thought I was getting a quality vehicle because thats what I expect from a caddy! It had 25,000 miles on it and the first month of driving it was great! Then the troubles began. So far its on its 3rd battery, 4th remote keyless entry transmitter, 2nd air injector pump and as far as I know the 2nd set of brakes. The dealership blamed the batter going dead b/c of a L.E.D. on a cig lighter adapter. The gas mileage is extremely poor, it sometimes takes over steering and goes whatever direction it wants and I am starting to notice that that its eating tires. The car only has 30,000 miles on it now and I talked to the dealership about doing something about it and they would set me up in a new car, but it would cost me big. When I told them that wasnt an option they told me that it was my problem. I did some reasearch on this car before I bought it, but appearently no where near enough. I am really disappointed that Cadilliac would put there name on such a pile of junk and not admit that it was a mistake. I think that this is the last Cadilliac I will ever purchase, and from now on I think that Lincon will appreciate my money and business!!!
2000 & 2001 Catera's are the only Catera's you should consider buying, 1997 & 1998 are real lemon's, made adjustments in 1999 and fixed all known flaws in 2000  Not many 2001's exist, the last model is 2001, but I love the 2000 catera, no other in comparison
I purchased this Cadillac used, with 17k miles on the clock about 1 1/2 yrs ago, and had the remainder of the 4 yr/50k mile warrantee left. Used the warrantee to replace both leaking fog lights. Replaced the battery myself; the original battery, which was still in the car, lasted until 11/2004, at least. Most distressing is that the warrantee expired in 07/04, and this 11/04 I had to spend $1400 having both valve cover gaskets replaced, oil cooler coils cleaned, and having a circuit board that operates 1/2 of the dash lights replaced under the dash. I've enjoyed the car since I've owned it, but recently found out that the resale/trade-in value of the car is almost nil. Since I owe about $9000 on the car, and the trade-in value offered was just $6000, I guess I'll cross my fingers and continue driving it w/out any warrantee in place. Please pray for me.
This car looks good and handles great when it isn't causing problems. I've had this car for 14 months and it's been in for service 26 times. Most recently I moved to Tennessee where car inspections are required in order to get a vehicle registered in this state. My check engine light recently came on and I failed emissions. I took it to be serviced and found that it was due to a mass air flow gadget -$627 to fix that. Also, they say the head gasket is leaking and that will cost me another $2500 to fix that. I am so upside down on this car it's not funny. There's no way to get out of the payment on this car without coming up with thousands of dollars. And at the same time I can't afford to fix the stupid thing to make it legal in the state of TN. I just can't believe you spend that much money on a car and this is what happens. There should be some kind of protection for us guinea pigs. They make a bad product and still reap the benefits and we are stuck!  I will not purchase GM again.
HELP!!!!! Got this car over 2 years ago  had only 38K miles...look good, sound good  end of story..Brakes light switch went out  Headlights blows every 4 months, Replaced Cam Sensor, 02 Sensor (NOT CHEAP) mass air flow sensor, idle arm, water pump, 2 batteries, heater control switch, Check Engine Light is a constant!!! WHY? car now has 60K miles NOW experiencing high readings on oil pressure gauge, low readings on Volt gauge, appear to have valve cover oil leak and some other sensor going crazy.....Cadillac should be ashamed of them selves to even have their emblem affixed to this piece of FECE...  I'm thousands in the hole in each and everyday..I'm not sure if this car is going to start from one day to another..unfortunately my livelihood is based on my ability to get to and from work. A Catera is not the car you should depend on....Stop anyone that you know who is considering purchasing this piece of junk....Plus if you call a Cadillac dealership service department, they will treat you DIRT...just mentioning the word CATERA......
Maintenance-intensive. My '99 catera was purchased new from a dealer. Within only 19k miles, it has needed a crankshaft harmonic balancer (warranty, first owner), water pump and timing belt, fuel pump, oil cooler ($$$$), brakes ($$), tires, and now MAF sensor ($$$). This level of upkeep is unreasonable for any car, much less a premium GM product. Buy at your own risk!
Thinking about buying a GM product? Please read.    I purchased a 1999 Cadillac Catera as a lease buy-out from my in-laws through their dealer.  The car was 3 years old and only had 17,841 miles on it. It had 1 year remaining on its warranty. I reviewed several on-line car reviews and they were all good. My wife and I had an infant and another on the way. We decided to purchase the car because it was build soundly and we thought “Cadillac Quality” would reduce our maintenance over the long term. We continued to use the dealership for maintenance and followed their recommended maintenance intervals and actions.    After owning the car for four months, the brake light switch failed. This is not an obvious failure. I started noticing cars swerving to avoid me when I would stop and I was getting a lot of hand gestures. Finally, one good Samaritan, while indicating that I was #1, told me I had no brake lights. I brought the car in and the switch was replaced under warranty. This was at 22,148 miles.    After 10 months, I thought the car was falling apart around me. At a refueling station, the attendant told me that he could not add gas because the tank was pressurized & automatically shutting down the pump. I drove to another station with the same result. As I continued home, the engine temperature light illuminated. I immediately pulled over and saw coolant pouring out under the engine. I had a spare gallon of coolant mixed and stored in the trunk, which I added. I brought the car to the dealership.  They identified that the ball check valve in the gas tank failed,which required the gas tank to be replaced. The coolant leak was from a failed left side head gasket. Both items were replaced under warranty. This was at 28,776 miles.    The warranty expired two months later. We moved to a different state, but continued to maintain the vehicle at a local Cadillac dealership in our new area. At 40,100 miles, the check engine light illuminated. I brought the car to the dealership. They could not identify the issue, but stated that the code that initiated the alarm was for “a lean fuel trim condition in the left cylinder bank”. They cleared the light and charged me $81. On the drive home from the dealership, the check engine alarm illuminated again. I reviewed paperwork that I had on the vehicle and found a GM notice (not a recall) that the check engine light may illuminate due to failed oxygen sensors. I brought the letter with me when I returned the car to the dealership. The dealership was not aware of the notice, but based on the letter replaced the oxygen sensors at no charge. I drove the car for two days and the check engine light re-lit. The car now would shake violently on start-up and would idle rough for several minutes. I made another appointment with the dealership. This time they identified the Mass Air Flow (MAF) sensor was bad. Approximately $700 later, I had the car back. I contacted GM’s customer service and complained that the problems that I was having with the vehicle were not normal wear items. They reviewed my case and agreed to pay half of the claim. I was satisfied with their response.    At 43,000, I changed the oil and discovered a white paste at oil addition port. I knew immediately there was a coolant leak into the engine. This was the second engine failure on the car and only 14,000 miles after GM repaired the vehicle for the first failure.     I brought the car to a second Cadillac dealership in my area on a recommendation. I showed my service record to the Quality Care Manager. He indicated to me that he too thought this was premature for engine failure, but told me there was nothing he could do because the car was out of warranty. He told me I would have to deal directly with GM. I called GM and the GM representatives acted very annoyed that I would even request them to review this. I stated that head gaskets are not a normal wear part and that two failures of one on the same engine is indication of a quality or design issue with the vehicle. All that I requested was that GM cover this repair. I also pointed out that I had replaced wear parts at my expense without issue including brakes, tires, serpentine belt, tie-rods, filters etc.  They reviewed my case and told me they would not assist me for this repair. I was flabbergasted. I told them that they had just preformed a head gasket replacement less than 18 months and 14000 miles earlier. GM quoted me their 12-months/12,000 mile warranty.    Based on the reviews that I have read on this web site, it appears there are several Catera customers with similar issues. I am not a conspiracy theorist, but there appears to be some type of cover-up occurring since there has been no intervention by watchdog goups concerning these vehicles. I have a family and it appears to GM has no problem increasing its shareholder value by fleecing me to correct its quality issue.
I've had this car for over 5 years and only had minor problems ex. fog lights filling with water, center console bubbling up from the heat replaced twice and the door locks get stuck when it is very cold out. Other then that i'm happy with this car it only has 38,000 miles and I am the original owner (bought it brand new). I think it was worth my money it looks elegant handles turns better then a beamer and has a great cockpit and Bose system all and all this is a great car i'm upset to see all the bad reviews on it but every car has it's flaws....i guess.
I bought my Catera about a year and a half ago. Right away, it needed a new oxygen sensor, which was covered by the warranty. The only other problem is that the clear coat on the front bumper is starting to flake, which I am told is not abnormal for the weather where I live(although I think it is!). Since the oxygen sensor mess, I've had nothing but good experiences with it. The car gets driven a lot, such as trips from Maryland to Florida. I have put about 30,000 miles on it since I bought it. Currently, the main work that gets done is routine maintenance that you'd have to do for any car with 70,000 miles on it. This is the first higher end car I have owned and I love it! As my friend told me after taking a spin, 'It rides like we're driving my living room couch!' The only real downside is that the repair costs are through the roof. Let me give you an example. The sensor for my prior car, a Chrysler LeBaron, cost about $15. The sensor for the Catera was over $100. I just keep hoping that she doesn't give out on me and that she keeps giving me the great experience I have had so far.  My friend has a 2003 BMW 330i and tells me that she likes certain features of my car better than hers, and can't tell the difference in the ride. At first, I didn't know if she was just being kind, but after riding in her car, I couldn't tell the difference either! I will say that her car has more features than mine, but she paid triple the price.
This car is a piece of over priced junk! It's terrible, do not buy this car, ever, you will be swimming in debt. I plan on purchasing the website www.cadillaccaterable.com to gain some momentum in making cadillac pay for this crap they sold us dimwits, beliveing in their 'good' name.
I love this car. Bought it new in 2001, with a $9k buildout rebate. With an MSRP of $36.5K, my loaded Luxury Catera was somewhat aging by 2001, and probably at the lower end of its class (BMW 3, Audi A4, etc). But, at a purchase price of $27k, I bought a nice, solid, rear driver for the price of a loaded Camry/Accord. I've heard the horror stories, but I have had no major problems with my '01 at 71k miles. If the Benz E class that I plan to replace this car with in a few years is as nice, then I'll be OK.
i bought this car new in 2001 and it's been great. i've had no problems with it. a fun car to drive, a very happy customer. traded my 2000 honda accord EX (bad tranny)for this catera, same price. when i pay this car off, i'll buy the CTS next.
Vehicle has sensitive camber units which do not keep its alignment. It wore the inside of my tires out in 20K miles. Also, at 30K miles, in extreme cold temperatures (below 20 degrees) the stabilizer freezes and the shocks lock up, causing the vehicle to slam up and down like riding a jack hammer. Very dangerous for elderly. Cadillac dealerships and Customer Assistance offer no help saying these problems must be duplicated. Ironically, the bumper to bumper warranty does not cover ambivalence or intellectual schizophrenia in the service techs and their managers. Sensors may be bad too but Cadillac will not change it out under warranty. RECOMMEND YOU DO NOT BUT A GM PRODUCT.
It's a savage car. Yet I think I'll order a medal now when I retire it this week. I have taken it to Mexico, it's been all over New Mexico and now it is in Miami, Florida with 81000 miles and it still running OK. I have felt the aging a tiny bit, but to the way I drive this car is proven to last. The only problem I experience that came by nature was some oil leaking around 36000 miles and it was a seal on the left side of the engine. Besides that it's a great car.
This is the worst car I have ever owned. I have 68,000 miles on it and this months problem...the engine is dead, shot, no warning just stoped. Dealer has had my car for 3 weeks and it is still not fixed.  Numerous trips to the dealer. Cadillac should be sued for this product. It really stinks. AAA knows by voice when I call in for a tow.
This automobile is terrible. If you enjoy transmission problems, battery problems, heated seats shorting out, recalls and check engine lights you have found the car for you! Never again will I purchase another Catera. I have had owned this vehicle for over a year and a half and it is up to 65,000 miles and falling apart. If I see that check engine light on one more time I swear I will pull my hair out. The wonderful Cadillac dealership plays the, 'Umm, sorry to hear your problems, we have no solution at the moment. Bring your car back next week.' Do that crap for 2 months once a week and we'll see how happy you are with this purchase. I am very dissaointed with this poor Cadillac product. If anyone could aid me in my problems I would appreciate it! seyfriem@purdue.edu I am going back to my BMW
the car was nice, and it did ride well, but there were a lot of problems under the hood. it got poor gas mialage. i had it for a year and i could tell it was a pile the first day i drove it. something went wrong with it everytime i drove it. i would never buy another one again.
This is a great over all car it defiantly competes with a BMW or Audi
The blame engine shelled out less than 3 months after initial purchase!!!!!!!! The pulley adjustment is DEFFECTIVE!!!!! G.M. will not pay to have recalled, fixed, or offer an incentives whatsoever...BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I sold this car for a 1000.00 bucks to get rid of it before it was too late. Not even a master mechanic new what was wrong with it. It took 20 minutes everyday to keep it running, it backfired alot, it would rev up by itself, the cadilic converter whent out on it. We paid so much to fix it and it still ran like crap!
I love it mine has 93000 and is in tip top condition in every way
Well I have mixed feelings on the Car Let me tell you a short story. I was getting rid of my big gas hog Tahoe I leased a VW Passat one problem after another brakes engine Trans fuel pump …. All in the first 2 years I ran from that car. I wanted back to an American car manufacture. I found my used Catera test drove it for 2 days fell in love with it the interior was clean and it was fun to drive looked great and sounded fast and this car has every option including the remote sun visor for the back window so I bought it. After a while you notice not enough storage space it likes gas some of the fit is not up to a Cadillac but that’s ok. I put tires on brakes change hoses all not a problem wit a car with 45K miles, I count that as just wear and tear on the car, but what burns me up is that I am replacing headlights every 3 to 4 months, I had to replace the battery, the trunk seal leaked (the car was never in an accident), and needed to be replaced the o2 sender unit, the brake light switch, thing that you should not be replacing in a car with less then 55K miles.
WHAT A LEMON!! This car is one diaster after another. I cannot believe Cadillac would place their name of a piece of crap such as this one. The coolant is constantly leaking, the leveling light winks at you almost daily, it is terrible on tires, it is now leaking oil at only 58,000 miles and attempting to take off on a cold start feels like you are dragging the bottom of a rock filled lake. I am terrbily disappointed. This was a costly mistake on my part. Ladies, please do not purchase a car because it is CUTE!!! DO YOUR HOMEWORK and learn from my mistake.
WHAT A LEMON!! This car is one diaster after another. I cannot believe Cadillac would place their name of a piece of crap such as this one. The coolant is constantly leaking, the leveling light winks at you almost daily, it is terrible on tires, it is now leaking oil at only 58,000 miles and attempting to take off on a cold start feels like you are dragging the bottom of a rock filled lake. I am terrbily disappointed. This was a costly mistake on my part. Ladies, please do not purchase a car because it is CUTE!!! DO YOUR HOMEWORK and learn from my mistake.
I found this site while looking for information on a persistent check engine light. I thought I had done my research before I bought our catera by reading old issues of the consumer magazines. Just let me say that I read most of the posts on a saturday night and then couldn't sleep from the nightmares I read! My car was leaking coolant the day I bought it with 24k. It was fixed under warranty but I still always smelled coolant under the hood. I thought it was unusual but because the 4 cateras I looked at before buying this one all smelled the same, I blew it off. Then I started losing coolant and found the plastic heater valve behind the engine was leaking. The good part was I bought an extended warranty. The bad part was they filed bankruptcy, so myself and millions of others are screwed. Talk about insult to injury! I changed it myself. Then the check engine light started. That brought me here. After a good read and a stiff drink, I faced the reality that while I had minor problems now at 35k it was going to get bad and me with no warranty. I traded it today for a newer japanese car. The dealer was really almost fair on the trade and cut a good deal on the diamante. The catera cost me alot (I coulda leased a bmw 540) but I'm out and I'm not looking back. I told the wife to pretend we never had this car but actually bought our slightly used 2003 last year for just under sticker; that wipes the slate clean.
I bought my Catera in Feb 2002 and like many of you, I have had nothing but problems. After going back and forth with Cadillac and the Used Car Sales Manager at Audette Cadillac about how the sales person mislead me during the purchase and all of the problems that I have had, I am still stuck with the car. The Used Car Manager had promised me she would try to work something out, but it turned out it was only a numbers game and I was going to have to take a huge loss on the car.     I bought the car with only 21,000 miles on it. I now have almost 60,000 miles on the car and a file folder 2' thick on service bills. Thank goodness for the 100K mile warranty I did buy for the car, but it has been a huge inconvenience. Repair visits to the dealer included:  window controls  power steering pump  engine cooler leaks  sensors replaced (2)  Timing belt recall  sunroof opens on it own  CD player wasn't working (2)  steering wheel controls didn't work (2)  Gas tank replaced  left strut replaced  tie rood replaced  wheel bearing replaced  steering link replaced  fog lights keep burning out  etc.    I still have a major problem going on in the front end and the mechanics at the dealership can't seem to figure out what it is. When driving at slower speeds over bumps the car rattles in the front end. I can't tell if it is the left or right side and even though they have replaced some parts, it has not corrected the problem. If any one has had the same problem......please contact me and give me some advise. The lights will go on and off whenever they feel like. Dealership cannot duplicate. Transmission is not shifting as smoothly as it once did (I did have the trans fluid changed at 30k miles) not that it matters with this car. My key has gotten stuck in the ignition once or twice, but hasn't happen since.      I would like to think that GM is concerned about their future business and would extend some special offer to get us to buy another GM. This was my first GM in 15 years....maybe I will go back to buying Fords.     I am disappointed in the car, the dealership and the company.
This car is the worst car I have ever owned. It is constantly breaking down. In the last year, I have had over $12,000 worth of repairs done. Luckily, most parts were still under warranty. This car has had major electrical problems, transmission problems, and multiple computer problems. I would never buy another Cadillac.
When I saw the Cadillac Catera I fell in love with it. I did research before making the purchase,however,the wasn't yet accurately established. I wish I could have had the opportunity to read the reviews I recently read. My car stops without any warning. Or I get dressed in the morning planning to drive away and the car will not start. It has been towed about four times. The gas tank was defective. Whenever I would fill my tank, the gas would overflow. The tank was replaced. The cause for stalling has not been discovered. I was told I just had a run with bad batteries. I've had three new batteries since I purchased the car. Also, after driving for a period of time, the dash(board)gets extremely hot. It feels as if it's a part of the engine. I very disappointed in the car. I thought the seats would b comfortable, but they aren't. My warranty is up now so I've started spending money I don't have on repairs that existed earlier.
I've read all the negative reviews of the Catera and I totally disagree with all of them. I am extremely pleased with the purchase that I made. The vehicle is still under factory warranty, so all these little problems that may occur, they get fixed. Hey, Cadillac even gives you a rental Cadillac if you want one. I don't know where all these other people have gotten their car serviced, but Cadillac does stand behind their products. As long as a person knows that routine service is something that should be done to insure that their vehicle will run properly, no problems will occur. The Cadillac Catera is a good car. Sporty, Luxurious, Inexpensive and Fun. The 3.0 Liter V-6 motor, Sport Transmission and Traction Control System make the car feel like a sports car, while the leather interior, chrome wheels and rear spoiler add to the feel of luxury. You're driving a Cadillac here folks.
Purchased in December, 2001 with about 25,000 miles on it. Nothing but problems since I have had it. As of November, 2002 this car has been in the shop 18 times for repairs that do not include normal maintenance items such as oil changes. Tires had to be replaced at 36,000 miles. Door locks have been worked on 5 times, all types of sensors have been replaced. Water pump, timing belt, and tensioners all have been recalled. Oil cooler cover and O-rings had to be replaced. Steering wheel squeaks. Idle runs high. Replaced air check valve and water valve...and the list goes on. I have contacted Cadillac requesting an extension of the warranty. They gave me a confirmation number and told me they would get back with me and have never called back. I have called back 4 times and get nothing but the run around. Any suggestions on how to get action from Cadillac? I tried to trade it and get a real car and I am so upside down because of the re-sale value AND other dealers know that this car is a piece of junk.
I had researched for months trying to decide what my next vehicle would be. I test drove the mercedes, lexus and bmw and have to admit I was unhappy with them all. I had looked at the catera, read the reviews, the resale value is what scared me at first. I tried to dismiss the catera but something prodded me into the test drive and I am glad that I did. I am very pleased with my 1999 Catera. When I purchased this vehicle it had less than 26,000 miles. I had not purchased a used vehicle in many years and was afraid that repairs and maintanance would throw me into shock. So far this car has been wonderful. I am truly in love with this car. I highly recommend it.
Allow me to echo many other comments and repeat the warning: Don't buy a Catera. Cadillac has so many problems with this thing they changed the designation on their new model from Catera Touring Sedan to, simnply, CTS to avoid the stigma this failure has generated. I have an inch-thick file of service records and just turned 52,000 miles. And, incidentally, the engine, this morning, sounded a warning that an addition to the file is near. It eats tires because of Cadillas's inability to determine a proper alignment scheme (they've tried three at last count). The transmission is quirky (at best), the engine prone to a number of failures, one of which has resulted in a recall, and the electronics bring to mind the numerous Lucas electrical jokes of the 60s and 70s. Like most, I thought, 'What could be better than a German-engineered and built car with a U.S. corporation to stand behind it?' Answer? - Just about anything.
My Caterra was great until I had it three months too long for the buy back. Since that time it has had a new engine, new wiring harness, new gas tank, numerous sensors and the sunroof comes open in the rain. I don't know how many times it has been in the shop but it is at least 35 or 40 times. It is in the shop as I write. They can't figure out why it won't start ocassionally until the battery is charged. Cadillac offered to pay one payment for my inconvience. I told them I just wanted my car repaired. Now that it is out of warranty I am having to foot the bill for all the repairs that never got done the first 50,000 miles. This car is the worst LEMOM I have ever seen. Is there not a class action suit here for all the unsuspecting buyers of these pieces of junk? If there is, let me know....Cadillac should never have continued selling these Opals as Cadillacs...it is ruining their reputation.
I bought this car with 25,000 miles - I assumed the car was a good bang for the buck - a caddy built in germany! I assumed wrong - this car is severely underpowered (which may account for all the reported engine failures) and poor fuel economy. I have had several attempts by the dealer to resolve transmission shudder and hard 2-3shifts; seats are uncomfortable and handling is marginal. Tires are worn out after 35k miles; glove box squeaks and rattles; poor keyless entry range; and poor rear window visibility. Compared to past experiences with VW Passat, Nissian Maxima and BMW 325, this North American attempt to compete with German technology falls flat on its face.
I HAD A VERY BAD EXPERIENCE WITH MY CATERA, FORTUNATLY I LEASED IT,FORTUNATLY IT WAS UNDER WARRANTY THE ENTIRE TIME I HAD IT.  IT WAS IN THE SHOP ALL OF THE TIME, A NIGHTMARE. I WILL NEVER BUY GM AGAIN!!  I CONSIDER THE CHEVY VEGA A BETTER CAR THAN THE CATERA
We purchased a 1999 Catera, paid 16,999 on July 31,2002. It has been nothing but a nightmare from day one. Soon as we drove off the lot the Windshield cracked and it took almost 2 weeks to have it repaired because my insurance company felt as though the car dealer should have repaired it at no cost. The second week the cooling light and the check engine light started coming on. This car has been to the shop three times and the check engine light still comes on. They still can not seem to find the problem. I feel as though we were taken advantage of. Each time we contact them they tell us not to worry and just bring the car in again.What a big mistake purchaseing this car was. What bothers me the most is the dealers knows this is not a good car but still push to sell it. I fully intend to contact the Attorney General and to seek a full refund.
Wow, where do I start. Maybe to say that I wish I checked out this site prior to buying my Catera. I bought the car used with only 21,000 miles on it. I thought I was getting myself into a nice vehicle with low miles and I probably wouldn't have too many problems with it. Well, I am so sorry that I bought this car. I, like many others, have experienced many of the same problems with my Catera. I have owned this car for 4 months and it has been in for repairs 5 times (totaling 17 days). Everything from electrical problems (radio, windows, wipers) to coolant leaks, power steering pump, etc... My biggest concern is the steering issue. The car tends to pull when driving on asphalt pavement and the car is hard to control. The car just goes all over the place and I really have to work at keeping the car in my lane.  When I took the car out for a test drive prior to buying the car, I told the salesman that the car was pulling. He told me that it only needed an alignment and it would be fine. Well, here I am with a car that has severe steering problems and my salesman is no longer with the dealership. I am now working with the Used Car Manager and getting into a different car. I hope the dealership has the best intentions of working this out. You can't tell me that a Cadillac Salesperson is not aware of the problems with the Catera. It's a shame that this car is so stylish and comfortable, yet handles like a peice of junk.
WHAT HAVE I DONE TO DESERVE THIS??!! This car is CRAP!! My wife fell in love with this thing at the dealership, mainly because of the looks and all the 'gadgets' that it had on it. Little did we know that those 'gadgets' would crap out one by one over the first 6 months or so. The tires had to be replaced with 25,000 miles on them. The tire dealer said all Cateras do that. The tires are the 'high performance' tires (I suppose that means they handle GREAT behind a tow truck) that are more expensive than your standard tire. The rear defroster would not shut off and actually drained the battery a couple times (more time behind a tow truck as we didn't know what could be wrong with it) In reading these reviews that is a fairly standard problem, so why it took several trips to the Cadillac Dealer (MOORES Cadillac)is beyond me. One rainy morning we found 3 inches of water in the floorboard of the vehicle. Moores said that the warranty does not cover this (big surprise as the dealership says that none of the problems are covered by the warranty) but they would dry out the car at the cost of $50.00 per hour. For those with similar problems, there is a rubber gasket below the windshield on the passenger side. Crawl under the car and reach up to the gasket and if you are lucky the water will drain out (all over the person under the car I might add) This should be done at least once a year if not more as leaves and debris get stuck in there sending the water into the passenger compartment. The response from Moores cadillac is the main reason I will NEVER purchase a cadillac again. They say the warranty covers nothing, then after complaining to Cadi GM Headquarters, they say that Moores should have covered it and have to go thru red tape getting a refund. All Moores seems to care about is getting your money.   Sometimes the door locks work and sometimes they don't. Also the air bag light comes on and stays on. Three trips to the dealership before that could be fixxed.  I spoke with a mechanic at the cadi dealership during his smoke break who said that he 'cringes' everytime a Catera rolls into the garage. His advise was to get an extended warranty and deep pockets, or sell the car.  Those words alone speak volumes for both Moores Cadillac dealership, and Cadillacs in general.  Anyone up for a class action lawsuit??
I bought a '99 Catera with 24,500 miles on it and I must say that I am pleased with the performance. It has been in the shop for an oxygen sensor and the driver seat for the heating element which were covered under warranty. Other than that the car drives and handles well. I had to replace the tires on the car, but that is because Cadillac issues the Catera with Eagle RSA's which is a soft rubber (hence tires will wear very quickly). Also, I purchased a Carfax report to make sure that I was not purchasing a lemon.
This is the worst car I have ever owned.  The dealership replaced the first set of tires at 18,000 miles (all belts showing)at their cost.  The back tires had to be replaced (belts showing) by me at approximately 30,000 ,miles and then the front tires were replaced by me at 37,000 miles (the dealership can't seem to remember the reason (defective design) they replaced the first full set of tires).  The check engine lights continiously come on for one reason or another.  The sunroof works 10% of the time.  It has been stuck open so many times we are scared to use it ( we keep a screwdriver in the car to wind it shut when we do use it).  It has been stuck in park and stranded us.  I was told the last time (this week) when I had to replace the last two expensive tires, when I asked if all Cadillac's were designed this poorly, the service manager told me that I did not have a Cadillac I had an Opal.  It was a different car that Cadillac put its name on.  I explained that the salesman neglected to tell me that piece of information when I leased it for $38,000.  I never had that explanation with the Mercedes or BMW I leased before, but then again they were a true luxury car that did not stay at the service department.  I seriously have had this car back to the garage more that all the other cars I have owned combined.    I have complained to the dealership, Cadillac Customer Service Hot Line with no positive response just a run around. At least the dealership will admit that they have a lot of problems with this model car. As I can tell from reading this sites reviews this car should be recalled and never released again.  Listen to the experienced, STAY AWAY FROM THIS CAR!
I am extreamly satisfied with my Catera so far. It has 20,000 miles on it. I absolutly love the comfort, style, and performance. I really like the crome wheels. I just hope it doesn't turn out to be as much a piece of crap as others have. I have had a few small problems so far. My driver side heated seat is out (it is under woranty still , I just have not taken it in yet.). It appears that I have A very slow and small oil leak, and sometimes my ignition key gets stuck. So far I have been able to get it out after starting the car then puting it in gear then puting it in park again. After a few tries at that it usally comes out. It has not been doing it lately though, because I figured out if I put the key in with the Cadi logo faceing me problem is solved.(so far) Also sometimes the air condition and radio displays iratikly pulsate, but they haven't given me any problems(still work) If it will just stay togather for five more years I will be stisfied.
I have driven my 99 Catera for nearly 2 years now, and have not had any problems with it.  I do my own maintenance, and am extremely particular of how I treat my car.  My car has all factory options: sunroof, Bose CD-WOW!, chrome wheels, heated front and rear seats, and a power rear window sun screen (a blessing in Texas).    This car has been great!  Good power, handling, comfort, and style.  I have taken this vehicle on 1000+ mile trips, as well as drive it around town.  My gas mileage averages about 21 MPG in town and 27 on the highway.  Even I cannot believe the mileage seeing as how I like using the sport mode of the transmission and mashing the throttle - Outstanding!  This car surpassed all the other cars I looked at at the time in the price/performance/luxury category, such as: Volvo, VW, BMW, Mercedes, Lexus...  I buy a new car every couple of years and currently own an S10 pickup and Jeep Grand Cherokee as well.  I don't have any problems with these vehicles either.    I highly recommend the 1999 Cadillac Catera to anybody looking for a comfortable, sporty, luxurious sports sedan.  I got mine at over $10,000 off the sticker with a bit of negotiating, and ended up with a great deal.
   If you really dicker with your Cadillac salesman you can probably get a Catera cheaper than you can buy any comparable car. I priced Avalons, Infinities, Bimmers--you name it. The lease price I got on the Catera was about a $100 a month lower than any car that I thought was about equal to it.    That said, I have not been entirely satisfied with the quality of the car. The front end needed to be aligned three times due to excessive tire wear and some of the interior trim has broken under light use. (the cupholder). I've also had a few minor problems with hoses and warning lights.     But Cadillac has a very good warranty policy and has fixed everything without (much) complaint. I have also found their service to be excellent.     At the price I am very happy with the car. Performance is good, though certainly not in the same category as my beloved V-8 Seville SLS. Handling is tight, but smooth on the highway. Acceleration is good--- if you step down hard. The interior is slightly cheaper than the upper echelon luxury cars, but then again, you pay a whole lot less for 90% of the same thing.     Don't pay full sticker for this car. Dicker hard and play the dealer against the Toyota dealer across the street. You can probably get it for $5000 off list (maybe more, I don't know). As long as the warranty lasts, this car is much better than an Avalon and probably signifigantly cheaper. 
If GM was selling them for $1000.00  each I wouldn't buy another
Terrible - never again.  Who wants to start a class action suit???  contact me at tom@tommaher.com
DO NOT BUY OR LEASE THIS CAR!  I have never been more unhappy with a car in my entire life.  Cadillac should be ashamed to even put this car on the market.  
I wouldn't recommomend this car unless you want to visit your localCadillac dealership on a weekly basis.  I find that there is a lotof problems with the Catera. I am one of the lucky ones, I hada dead battery within 24 months, my brakes just went out at 28,000miles, (instead of the average 20,000 )My car pulls to the right, but I have been lucky enough to not haveany tire ware.  The car is great minus these little problems.  Withthe $600-$800 brake job that needs to be done, it looks like I amgoing to get myself a Hyundai because my down payment on the nextCadillac I was going to get is gone for silly repairs done on my Catera.Hopefully GM will come to it's senses soon about what is happeningon these cars.  I have started to do reseach on it and found thatthere are tons of cases including leaks, batteries, brakes, and especiallyI have seen a lot of tire ware problems and the dealerships will nottake responsibility on it.  
I will not purchase another Caterra ever again!  I don't recommend this car to anyone.  
I think you could  find a better operating car for half the price. 
Have a $399 per month four-year lease.  Would recommend shorter lease. Believe dealers should be more familiar with common technical problems.
I can't say too many negative things about the Catera.  The tire wear is the most common complaint and I'm sure I'll be purchasing new ones next year.  The lack of storage is annoying but tolerable for the price I paid for the vehicle.  Performance is adequate but could use more power.  The handling is great, especially at highway speeds.  This car loves to go fast.  I would recomend this vehicle if you are looking for and entry level family sports sedan because you could get more for the same money of another brand (Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda).  From the reports I have read, maybe stay away from the 1997 and early 1998 due to various complaints with small problems.  These small problems are common on new models so the theory is to wait until they correct them.  Great car so far.
Can't recommend the Catera because the car has problems with tire wear and alignment.  Mine does and so do many others.  The problem with the tires isn't the GM customers' problem and should have been ironed out during the 3 years the car was tested in Europe as an Opel.  I think Cadillac changed the size of the tires for the US market, but didn't take into account that the suspension system wasn't substantial enough to take on the added loads.  When a car manufacturer makes a design mistake and leaves the customer holding the bag, and I'm the customer, I stop being the customer.  Cadillac replaced the first set of 4 tires after 18,000 miles.  Now, 17,000 miles later the car needs tires again!  Cadillac tried to blame me for not rotating them, which I have proof is untrue, then refused to put an inspection sticker on the car until I bought new tires, offering them to me for the bargain basement price of $147 each.  I took the car to another shop after Cadillac put the first new tires on at 18,000 miles and completed the alignment recall.  The independent shop told me the alignment was out already, after only a month.  Took the car back to the dealer who told me the alignment was fine.  Now with the need for a second set, after the tire rotation argument failed, they checked the alignment and told me it was out, which is what I tried to tell them in the first place!  They expect me to pay for the tires, now, blaming me for the alignment.  To add insult to injury, while they were doing the most recent alignment, they gave me a loaner car.  Cadillac's policy is to give you a comparable car while they have yours.  This time they gave me a 1989 DeVille with bald tires and 3 gallons of gas in the tank.  I will never lease, buy, or even look at another Cadillac again, much less anything else this dealer has to offer.  E-mail me if you live in the Phila. area and want to know a dealer to avoid.  I'll gladly identify them.
I paid $22,500 for 1998 with 3000 miles on it. Defenetly I would recommend this car to everyone - Catera also has great extended warranty program - check with your dealer.Negotiate the price - tag on my car was $30,000! Dealers are soft on Catera's price, new model 2000 had a price reduction so that's kills the price 98 and 99's Cateras.Use this opportunity until Cadillac promoting this car.
I love this car. It has decent power and the car rides as if you're cruising on clouds.
I really enjoy this car alot. I have had the oppurtunity to own 3 Cadillacs in the past, and by far this one is the best I have ever had. I have a 85 Sedan Deville as well in which I also love very much.
I have always driven Cadillacs, my first being a 1963 Coupe deVille. My 2001 deVille is the natural successor to a great line of automobile. Good styling, wonderful performance and as much technology as they can squeeze into any car.
The engineers finally are earning thier money! This automobile is by far the nicest Caddy I've had in a while. Totally re-engineered, tight, quiet, good fit and finish. White diamond pearl killer paint.
I bought this car when originally looking at the SLS/STS models and so far I am very glad I did. I got the taupe interior with the white diamond color and chrome wheels-- I get complements on the caddy wherever I go. The interior is very handsome with easy-to-use controls. Overall, I love this car.
If you want a great ride, good gas mileage, a pleasure to drive, then the Deville is car to buy. I can drive it 880 miles in one day and I am 73.
I WAS DRIVING A 1999 300M MADE BY CHRYLSER WHEN THE ENGINE HAD TO BE REPLACED(THAT CAR IS A PIECE OF JUNK.WELL, I RENTED A CADILLAC WHILE THAT ONE WAS IN THE SHOP AND JUST LOVED IT. SO AS SOON AS I COULD, I OFFLOADED THAT CHRYLSER AND GOT A CADILLAC. I AM A FIRST TIME BUYER OF CADILLAC BUT HOPEFULLY WILL KEEP BUYING THESE UNTIL I DIE OR CAN'T AFFORD THEM ANYMORE.
It was love at first sight, I saw the black on black DeVille, only 5 years old at the time, with 68k miles, black tints all-round, lowered with CTS rims - I had to have it. Since I got this car, it's now up to 91k miles in just over a year. BTW, I am a young entrepreneur, I must say it gets a lot of interesting looks - especially while racing a 2001 Continental with a little punk kid driving down the Interstate at well over 105 MPH (108 is its limit). It is unbeatable! However...I have the similar problem with burning a quart of oil every 500 miles, the window regulators snap and the windows fall - so far 2/4 have done this, one becaue I lost my temper and slammed the door. Just put on new ceramic brakes that squeak, my drivers side mirror seems to be decaying, where the mirror and glass are separating, burns oil when you punch it, and you can leave a James Bond smoke cloud sometimes for your nemisis. I have had it stall a few times at red lights lately - but it starts back up, that's relatively embarassing. GM leather seems to wear out relatively quickly. I have spent about $1,000 in maintenance costs so far, and I am planning on keeping it until the wheels fall off. I was tempted with this 0% apr for 72 months to step up into something with a warranty - but I'll hope my Caddy will stay good to me. Still love the power and comfort. ((KNOCK ON WOOD)) - Nothing else will break for a few thousand miles (like 20-80k preferably!).
This car is almost as good as it can get. I set the cruise control at 90 for 19 hours last month (stopping for gas of course) and it ran strong the entire time. Highway passing is unbelievable....nobody can 'stuff' you with this car. (Run off the road by a semi, passed him on the median). 300hp V8 can blow almost anything else away from a stoplight. If you're looking for a premium American luxury sedan, this is it.
The Car stalls and caddillac has told me that they cant fix it and has not offered me a soultion i have already gone thru Arbitration with cadillac and no solution to the problem, it is a nice car but the stalling is awful it scares me to drive it and i have a GM bumper to bumper warrenty 100,00 miles 6 years no ded. free rental car warrenty  and they still cant fix it
This is my first Cadillac having driven 8 cylinder E-Class MB's for the last 7 years. I became disenchantedmy with the E-Class after it's makeover in 1995. The E-Class had lost it's famous solidity and was just another car. After the lease on my 1997 E420 expired I began the search for my next car (I have a 1975 911 that I drove in the meantime).Enter the Deville DTS, wow. The car is incredibly soild. There are no squeaks or rattles, but there are some cheap interior bits, but no more so than my 1997 E420.The power provided by the Northstar is seamless. There is plenty of torque everywhere to move this car smartly. The seats are much more comfortable than those of my last MB and the steering wheel just feels right.Handling is where this car really surprised me. Of course there's body roll, but nothing exceeding my old E-Class. The car is very predictable and inspires confidence when driven aggressively. I'm not saying you should take this car to Laguna Seca, but for a 4,000lb behemoth it's quite accomplished.The brakes are good, but they don't feel as good as the one's in my old E-Class. They do the job, but don't feel anywhere near as strong. Maybe Brembo will introduce and upgrade?The stereo is wonderful, as good, if not better than the Nakamichi system in my partner's Lexus LS400. The night vision is a great gimmick that I don't find myself using very often.I think the look of my DTS is handsome. It looks very sharp from all angles with the headlights being the only possible objection.This is a very special car. Cadillac is close to be being what they once were. They can make this car perfect. With the German marques slipping in terms of quality this is Cadillac's opportunity to become a market leader instead of being a follower. 
Great BIG car with power to haul you and 5 others in style and speed while all in total luxury. Why even consider a BMW?? Lincoln Towncar is light years behind in power and looks.
If you're getting a gas hog, you might as well get a gas hog that can actually do something... like a Corvette or Mustang or something.
Outstanding ride, acceleration, comfort and convenience. Superior to Lincoln in every way.
NORTH STAR ENGINE IS AN OIL BURNER. CADILLAC STATES IT IS NOT UNCOMON FOR A NORTHSTAR ENGINE TO USE A QUART OF OIL EVERY 1000 MILES. OTHER ELECTRICAL PROBLEMS THAT SHOULD NOT HAPPEN AT THIS PRICE RANGE.
Beauty and the Beast! This old fella used to live a block from me and I would see him driving this car from time to time. He kept it immaculate. It was a beautiful pearl white with tan leather and chrome wheels. So, when I saw it for sale in his driveway, I was hooked. Only had 38,000mi on it and it was stunning to look at. The old guy didn't seem too sad when I handed him the check and backed his 'beloved' car out of his driveway, though. Anyway, away I went, thinking I had stolen this long-legged beauty from him. Then, the beast showed up. Three days later, my first 200 mile drive, she overheats. No warning, nothing. Up a 6% grade, 70deg F day. Sat and waited til cool, checked the coolant, belts and hoses; all fine. Got going again, and the same thing happens 10 minutes later, so, concerned about cracking the block, I had her towed to the nearest dealer (whoops), and like some of the other reviewers, they chalked up a $2,800 repair bill after replacing damned near everything (head gasket was the problem). After that spanking, I got her back, still pretty, still tempting me to drive her. Found out she was a heavy drinker, so I bought a gallon of oil to keep her thirst in check. Took her to work for the first time and everyone wowed and wooed at how pretty she was. One of my smaller co-workers sat in it and adjusted the driver seat all the way forward. Judging by the smoke, that's when the electric motor blew. I had to drive it home (im 6ft tall) jammed up against the steering wheel. Got that problem fixed. Decided to head north to do some fishing. Plenty of trunk space. Got about 16 mi from home when thick, toxic smoke blew into the cabin. Got pulled over just in time to see the flames coming up from the engine compartment. Saved my wallet and some gear. Everything else melted; a total loss. Too much damage to figure out what happened. The beast was dead. Insurance check for $6,700 meant I was out $1800, plus the repairs $3150, for a total loss of $4,950 plus one melted cell phone and Raybans in just six weeks/2100 miles.
Well worth the money - this car has everything you could ask for in a car-safety, power, comfort, styling, elegance. There's nothing like the feeling of first-class comfort when you're driving to work or down the interstate. I thought about buying a new 2000 Deville but they depreciate too fast, so I purchased a beautiful 99 Deville and saved 15k over a new one.  So far I have driven over 9,000 miles with no problems.  A car like this may be a little extra to buy and maintain but the enjoyment you get out of it more than makes up for the extra cost. I would highly recommend this car.
This Caddy is the nicest car I've ever bought! OnStar is always there to help me find a new address, etc.
The ride is really smooth and quiet. Trunk is large. Sound system very nice. The electrical appliances act up every now and then, in unpredictable ways.
Got the base model Deville, with the Moonstone paint. Nice beige leather interior, and WHAT A RIDE!    This is my first Cadillac, but it will definately NOT be my last.     Although I have read some bad reviews on these cars, other than normal wear and tear, I have found this car to be GREAT! I particularly love the ride. I spend alot of time on the road, and this car handles, drives, and rides like a dream. There is plenty of power, and I am pleased with the fuel mileage, in view of the fact that it is a big V-8
Big comfortable car with plenty of power but not at all reliable.
I have had this car for one week and I have already taken it back to the dealer twice. The 'Check Engine light' comes on whenever it feels like it and there is a little 'putput' to the ride when cruising at slow speeds.
1998 Cadillac Deville
I found this website a month after I bought this car. I've been sweating every mile since then. Lots of negative reviews have me very concerned. I was going to review it then, but I decided to wait til I'd driven it for six months. I've put just over 10k miles on it in that time. Done lots of trips through L.A. and it has got me home every time. I'm still thinking about selling it, though. Riding on a 4-wheeled leather couch is great until it craps out on an eight lane freeway with no shoulders. Should I trust it? My intuition says 'No!'.
this is one of the most beautiful cars i have ever seen but it is also one of the most annoying cars too. i bought this car about 10 months ago and have had problem after problem with it. the second month i had this car it started over heating, so like a crazy person i went out and started replacing everything on the cooling system which cost me a little over $1700,didnt fix it of course. when i first got it from thompsons i had to replace the spark plugs which cost me about $200. the speakers like to go out but when they are working they are awsome. the emblems like to fall off of the car for some reason. had to have the starter worked on which was about $200 also, had to put new tires on the front because the front end when out of line which was about$90 dollars a tire. got front end balanced which was $70 dollars. the front pass. strut has went out which was another $200. any time there is more than one hundred pounds in the back of the car it likes to sit close to the ground which rubs the exhaust. i was told that the car has a cracked head or a blown head gasket so i was gonna whip out over $3000 to get it fixed then i talked to someone at a cadillac dealership and he said that if you open the engine on that car to replace the head gasket or something like that it will never run right again, he said its like opening pandors box, everything just gonna go to crap. so i didnt, instead i waited till had money to put a new 'er' engine in it and while i was saving my money it blew up!!!! so now i am without a car and have an ungodly amount left to pay on it. SO TO SAY THE LEAST I LOVE THE CAR BUT I HATE IT!!!!!!! if that makes any sense to ya. IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS CAR IM TELLING YOUR DO  NOT  BUY  IT THIS CAR IS NOT WORTH A CRAP WHEN IT GETS OVER 100K MILES. but if you want a good lookin car and have a big truck to pull you around town with get it!!!YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED!!! HA HA HA HA!!
Have had many issues with Dealership, Product and Detroit Customer service    Bad detailing (not waxed, keys not ready, razor left on seat, cleaner not wiped off the dashboard, window motor replaced, ac compressor replaced, both lens caps fell off, weather strip fell off    Dealer was courteous and friendly but kept screwing up everytime I went in    Customer Service in Detroit was a joke, double talk, ambiguous answers and no commitments to help with a solution, basically the relationship is over with Cadillac and you are on your own    Dealership is privately owned and from what I can tell isn't going to get any flack from Detroit    I am sending in a letter to their GM of the Cadillac division and am sure I will be blown off with extreme prejudice
This car is outstandingly luxurious to drive, at least when it is running. I bought the vehicle purely and only for long trips. It had about 70K miles at the time. At three months of ownership it overheated the first time. Replaced the radiator. Didn't work; so the dealership replaced the new radiator. Also didn't work. Still didn't work - they replaced the water pump, and... you got it - still no good. Finally they changed the head gasket, and no more overheating. About two weeks after I got it back suddenly it won't start. Back to the garage. Lots of tinkering later I got it back, and it would start after about 30 seconds of cranking. That lasted about a week, then, nothing. Won't start at all. I've driven this POS about 300 miles, and ridden with it on a roll-back to the garage about 1,500 miles. If I could have afforded such a disaster it would be hilarious. Absolute pile of #%*!!
THE DEVILLE IS A GOOD LOOKING CAR,BUT THAT IS AS FAR AS IT GOES.
I OWNED 6 CADILLACS IN THE PAST 8 YEARS & THIS 1997 BY FAR IS THE WORST. MY 1991 SEDAN WAS THE BEST BUT IT WAS TOTALLED IN AN ACCIDENT. IT HAD MORE ROOM (LEG & HEAD, BACK SEAT & FRONT SEAT), IT DROVE EASIER, ROAD BETTER AND HAD LESS PROBLEMS. I REALIZE, NOW, THAT THE LOOK OF THIS '97 IS THAT IT BELONGS TO A BLUE HAIR (THEY'RE THE ONLY ONES TO COMMENT ON HOW BEAUTIFUL THE CAR IS)
have just completed a 3000 mile trip and this is the second time the car has used seven quarts of oil.
We have owned 3 cadys that I can remember.  The first one was exellent.  Never had a problem, things always worked, looked nice.  The second one was pretty goood too.  But this one just sucked.  The repairs were too much.  The cost wasn't worth the trouble.  Not recommending this car at all.
This car is all smoke and no fire. I wonder what kind of fools actually pay 40+ grand on a junk like this.
I only lost one race in my Deville in 17mos and that was to a lexus GS 400But i had emissions and exhaust problems that i think contributed to my lost. It turns alot of heads without any chrome wheels or vogues and The ride is pleasingly comfortable. 
1996 Cadillac DeVille
OK except for engine & electrical. When Cad reduced the number of head bolts they knew the engines would blow gaskets at around 100K (read: out of warranty), they want $4k to fix but will not guarantee. Have to wiggle the outside rear view mirror adjust toggle to get the power seat to move. Bad ground? OK, where? In the door or under the seat? No one can find it. My 5th and last Cad – drive Toyota now.
I've already put 9000 miles on it - pretty tough miles, like the 120 mile dash down the Northeast Extension of the PA turnpike to make an appointment in two and a quarter hours (made it with time enough to hit the can and get gas). The car rides flawlessly and the Northstar is the best engine I've ever driven, let alone owned.    I've had two problems - a fuel pump that cost about 850 to replace and the air conditioner is finicky but you can force it on when it doesn't want to on it's own. The gas mileage isn't great, and at the price of premium gas this is troublesome but I still get 20 to 21 on the highway.    I have to give it up pretty soon as the company is requiring me to use a company car (from a Caddy to a Buick Centry stings).    I'm gonna miss it.
I have a 96 SLS that is a great car. Highway fuel economy on trip to LA and back to St. Louis 29.6 mpg and has all the power you will ever need. I use Mobil1 at 5000 mile intervals.
Car had some problems when I bought it. All minor. Used Engine restore and fuel system cleaner and all problems went away. Northstar engine burns no oil with 142K miles. A/C was broken, but was easily fixed by resetting the ECM and adding R-134a.
If I knew then what I know now, I diffently would not have bought this car o.k where should I start. I have replaced the starter, the ac compressor twice (and getting ready to do it again),the water pump, a transmission line that developed a hole ,distributer coil,ooohh yeah The heater coil 3 times , a tri-fitting that sits towards the back of the motor twice lets talk about problems that this car has. The security that disingages the starter comes on whenever it wants to somtimes leaves me stranded because I can't start it up to get any place.It has a short somewhwere in the collar that makes it smoke whenever I use the emergency blinker lights, and the switch that changes the direction of air flow out of the vent is broken
i bought this monster after owning a few (4) other various 4.9 caddys. Yes, I just had to have a 4.6 N* or so I thought.  The checked out okay. Even though it had the typical oil leaks. But it did NOT RUN HOT then! Just a few weeks later and wallah, it is that magic time to spend $4500 now to get it road worthy. Wow, what a winner. See, the caddy started to run hot. It went into self protect mode and shut down on the roadside. So, we waited and went for waterand after an hour and gallon of H2O she drove for another 15 minutes. So, of to the N* experts...First, a thermostat, then a water pump, water pump belt and new housing.  And guess what in 15 minutes she ran hot once again. So, now here we are with a $3k car needing $5k work and it only has 118k certified miles! After checking all the forums for 2 evenings I found I am not alone. This is quite common these cars once they get around 100k plus miles. Be prepared to junk it as you seem to have about a 50/50 shot of this happening to you. By the way...good luck finding a mechanic who will touch a northstar. MY LAST 94 SEDAN DEVILLE WITH A 4.9 ENGINE HAD 224,800 ON IT WHEN I SOLD IT FOR $3000. IT WAS A BEAUTY , DROVE SUPER, NEVER LEAKED A DROP OF ANYTHING AND NEVER EVER RAN HOT!!! So, my advice is you can get a Seville (92), Deville(93-96), Eldorado (92) all with the newer body styles and fine ride but none of the worries of ther dreaded northstar! And hey, if you ever did need to buy used 4.9 motor, the cost is around $500 versus $2000 for a used northstar.
To anyone who hasn't lost thier virginity yet I would recomend you run out and buy a SCACALAC(caddy). I have been driving this vehicle for aproxametly 5months and I must admit it never get uncomfortable, the ergonomics are great. Another great feature is the stare factor. You just look a lot tougher in the lac rather than the escort/civic. The digital gauges work great espeacially the computer that tells you when to change oil or check level or even when to mac the hot chick in the adjacent vehicle. I have fallen in love with cadillac my next car will be the cien(if they take rubber checks) I only wish I could get my hands on a 2002 model(maybe they'll give me one for giving such a great review 'bling bling') Cadillac is by far the most affordable luxury car in the 'bling' class.  I just love the feeling of a older women staring at my car wondering if I'm a lawyer or a drug dealer(well maybe not the dealer feeling)  Unfortunetly being a young Cadillac owner does have It's downside. I have found police seem to get perturbed at the sight of a young successful caddy owner, but I'm clean so deeez. The ride is so smooth that I can't believe it's not butter. Gas does seem to run a bit high, like you may be spending some days sitting at home waiting for pay day, but I have come to realize I'm driving three civics taped together so the gas situation is acceptable. The main problem with this vehicle is the ridicules price of repairs. I got my rotors turned for $250.00. They did a good job but for that price I was expecing two fine asian girls to come out the trunk and start dancing. I was going to purchase a nissan 300zx but I don't think I can part with my baby. Overall cadillac did excellent job of making you feel like a king in his thrown.
My experience with Cadillacs have been terrific, i recomend very few cars over this one.  The price isnt too shaby but compared to the $95,000 Benz's, it is worth the few thousand that you put into it over a period of 7-8 years.  If you are scared of car accidents, why be stuck in a Volks Wagon?  - This huge car will make you feel like you are sitting right in your recliner at home, 'untouchable'.  But i just cant get over the power, have people forgot about this engine after the northstar came out?  how much power can the northstar have if this engine lifts the front of my car up like the 4,500 lb car ways a civic.  The same engine was in my '91, and that engine pulled that car around like it was a rag doll.  People will look at you and frown like the competition was a laugh in they're face.  Guess who will be laughin when your powerful V8 left them in the dust?  - YOU!  I grabbed this car for a great price at 11,000 with almost NO scratches, and only 41k miles.  This car is priced to go, what are you waiting for?  go get yourself one!
For the cost of these cars the quality should be better. It has had repeated mechanical failures and suffers from leaks and rattles. Its fuel pump failure left us by the side of the road (had 50,000 at the time). I can't think of a worse critism of a car than that. At the shop they told me that they do lots of fuel pump jobs. Earlier this year when the air conditioning compressor pulley failed while we were in South Carolina we noticed two other Cadillacs in the shop for fuel pump problems. Frankly I gave my Park Avenue to my son when I 'stepped up' to the Caddy and it was a big mistake. Cadillac is just going on their reputation. I won't buy another.
a few problems like replacing the alternater and fixing the shock sensors other than that wouldnt get rid of it for the world exept for the 2001 model.
This car has been a pain since I purchased it used from our local Cadillac dealer with 53,000 miles on it. Fortunatly I purchased an extended warrante. My Cadillac spends more time in the shop then on the road. I have replaced the spark plugs(suppose to go 100,000 miles) at 58,000 miles. Transmission,  Motor and transimssion seals(because of excess leaks) body mouldings,two radios, cup holders,drivers seat track,seat belt height adjuster,trunk carpet,brakes,trunk activator, battery, engine solonid and wiring harness to name a few items. I have also been charged a 50 dollar deduction every time I have warrante work done. The car has roughly 10,000 miles let of the warrante and then I will get rid of it and not buy American again. My wifes 1996 Isuzu Trooper has 70,000 trouble -free miles on it as well as our 1980 VW bus.
See above
I enjoy long road trips with my friends and my caddy gets us where i wanna go, when i wanna go period, never an exception.  I have a 100 lb puppy rottweiler that goes with me everywhere i go the back seat is hers but she walks around the whole car and never even touches as she walks by.  ample room for whatever, dependible, comfortable, excellent gas mileage for the size hands down. starting and stopping power is available for whatever you want it to do and then some.  ive owned multiple ford and gm products prior to this and you would'nt ever catch me near a dodge.  but above and beyond all the many others ive owned this one takes the cake and i get to eat it too.   I personally am 23 years old and enjoy my luxury very much even though occasionally you drop a few xtra bucks here and there for it.  But it is a small price to pay considering what you get to look forward to every morning when you walk out the door on the way work.  i think anybody of any age, sex, or race can appreciate the fine beauty of this automobile.The only thing i can say is dont complain if its to big you should have figured that out when you test drove it,  and dont complain about the price of parts or maintenance because its a cadillac and u knew it b4 you signed the papers.  so if you hate em so much,  why did you buy it in the first Place?                           Caddy man till the day i die~!
Excellent car, powerfulfull, great ride. Only problem so far has been rear shocks leaking and need to be replaced, at over 1000 thousand miles. I changed the plugs myself this time. I recommend having a mech. change them just because of the difficulty. Maybe if I had the right tools.
This is my second Cadillac I have owned. This one by far is the best i ever had. Ride is still supurb for a 73K 10 year old car. Suspension is smooth and responds great to road bumps and dips, enging is a screamer, tons of power, not a noise to be heard. Leather seats are still soft and comfortable, makes traveling a great experience.
Great ride, has 4.9 V8 get 21 mpg on hiway and it uses no oil what so ever between changes. This my second Cad. I bought it used. I would buy it all over again. I have only replaced a water pump in 50,000mi that I have driven it.
Luxury has a price 
So far I'm very happy with the automobile.  My wife and I were looking at replacing our existing car but only wanted to spend around $6-7,000.  Most of what we looked at worried me in their ability to last.  With pre-96 Fords you can become members of the 'Transmission of the Month' club rather easily.  We currently own a Chevrolet and although the drive train is bullet proof the rest of the car isn't.If you're looking at justifying buying an older Cadillac however, I don't think you can.  They can be expensive to repair, require premimum fuel and can be tempermental.  I wanted a Cadillac first and foremost for their luxurious ride and hopefully longevity.  I didn't find either with other domestic cars so I'm willing to tolerate some of their shortcomings.If you are in the market for a used Cadillac, it's important to find one that you know its' history.  Both in the way it was drove and how it was maintained since I don't believe these cars abuse well.  To me, finding one that has been babied is well worth paying an extra thousand or two over finding a deal.     
Overall: Above average  Driveability: Above average  Reliability: Above average  Acceleration: Above average to excellent  Transmission: Average  Handling/Manueverability: Above average  Roadholding: Average  Traction: Average to above average  Braking: Average to above average  Ride: Above average to excellent  Noise (Lack of):Above average to excellent  Interior/Comfort: Excellent  Fuel Economy: Below average  Styling (Subjective): Above average
I am the 2nd owner of the caddy. I must admit with a 3k oil change it has given me 230k miles.It had 105k when I purchased it. It had a slight roar to the pulley set-up. To my suprise it was the water pump.I was told by a caddy mechanic that this was a poor design(waterpump). I went through FOUR water pumps.Three of the four were generic pumps with life time warranties. Although I was able to get two more pumps under warranty, they were a PAIN to get off and on. The last pump problem I took to the dealership and it cost me $1095.00. Other cost were instrument's display went out - $ 595.00 (computer box). Air compressor - $650.00, Frnt rt wheel bearing $100(used).Currently the transmission is not changing out.I don't even want to get a price for that. I know that small things will happen, but to drive a caddy you better have big check book. Mostly all road miles. Would I buy another one? No
The 92 is good car. I have always had Lacs. The biggest prob with these cars is the aluminum block used for the enfine. I had this car for day before I figured it had cracked heads,. but I made the dealer repair, and it's held up for over a year(knock on the wood) I picked mine up with 65000 on it, and have replaced the fuel  pump and filter and the rear cylinders(brakes). I almost forgot, I also replace the belt and the water pump, that runs the accesorry belt.
my first impression of the deville was that i thought it looked like a mercedes but that soon changed. i own the cadillac dts. cadillac continues to have those infamous vertical slit rear lights that reflect the fin era, you wouldnt think it was a cadillac it looks more muscular for the new millenium leaving that old luxo barge look in the 1990s.  cadillac truly hit the nail on the head with this car it handles great with less roll and has a more firm feel to it. the interior is absoleutely perfect, beautiful leather trim clean and smooth, ultra comfortable seats, and that zebrano wood trim looks absoleutley gorgeous. as for the engine, it never ceases to impress, using northstar technology it delivers the power when u want it. the only downer to this magnificent car was the braking i noticed that the brakes are not as responsive as i expected. oh yeah and i thought that the night vision although very handy was a bit of a gimmick. this car is definetly the cream of luxury and i am very confident that the deville has the potential to be up there with the best europe has to offer. 
Cadillac used to be 'the standard of the world'.  But, unfortunately, during the seventies and eighties the brand went down hill.  In the nineties it started to come back.  The previous 1997 - 1999 models were excellent cars.  Starting with 2000 and now 2001 we are once again reaching the level of the Standard of the World.  
Great car.
This is a review of a 2000 Cadillac DeVille after a test drive we took. We drove the base model, so it's not the DTS or DHS. My impressions? It's a great car. What a ride!! So smooth on the highway that you are barely aware that you are in motion. The 4.6 litre Northstar is silky smooth and suits this car very well. There are loads of rear seat room and trunk space. The interior offers many luxurious amanities, like sweet-smelling leather seats (heated front AND rear), radio and climate controls on the steering wheel, and 10 way power front seats. However, I was disappointed by the absence of door sill plates. Auto makers like Infiniti, Lexus, and Mercedes have beautiful chrome door sill plates, while this Caddy has only a strip of plastic. The interior is nice and weill laid-out, but it sometimes looks a little plasticky, and, on the base model, you can only get FAKE wood trim (it looks pretty real though). Still, this was an excellent car.  
Over the deville has been a great car. a good overall experience. 
I have owned 3 Caddy's in my lifetime, but my 1991 Cadillac Sedan Deville has by far been one of the best cars I have owned to date. I had a 1976 Seville good car but not perfect, I had an 1988 Deville with the 4.5 Liter which was junk (changed the motor 3 times in 78,000 km's).  The 4.9 Liter is a diehard motor, brought mine back from West Palm Beach Florida 2 years ago. I get 29 MPG if I baby it and 21MPG in the city. It runs quiet, smooth, efficiently, and better yet nothing has broke down in the last 86,000km except the alternator. I also changed the front brakers.   What more can one want for $10,200 CDN. I was so happy I just bought my wife a 93 Fleetwood Sixty Special for $14,900 (same car, engine) with only 64,000km on it. She loves it to.  If anyone wants to talk about past horror stories of the 4.1 or 4.5, or want to talk about the newer 4.9 liter and 4.6 liter North Star caddies, drop me a line at caddyman93@hotmail.co
this car is great, i love it, i myself am an audio installer and am currently working on a custom large QUALITY sound system in it now, the interior is refined and tasteful, nothing surprising, everything seems to be exactly where it should be, the engine is a wonder, great torque off the line and plenty up top for the race car drivers on the road, i am thinking about doing a custom air ride suspension to lower and raise the front and rear greatly, and after i will work on getting some real knock off spoke wheels for it, its a caddy ya need the spokes, overall i havent had any problems with the car other than the rear shock air compressor not pumping at the right times, seems sometimes i have a nyce firm ride to the rear at others seems the rear end is riding on marshmallow's, but i hope to solve this lil problem with the suspension work im planing on, and other than common problems as far as interior cracks and whatnot, not a problem, and it has just turned 150,000 on the odometer... i would refer this car to just about anyone that likes a great automobile.
This is the first Caddy that I have ever driven, and with 49,000 miles its a dream to drive.  This car does not drive down the road... it glides....What a smooth ride.  I have been driving a 94 Explorer for the past 8 years so this is a real   treat for me to drive. As far as being an 11 yr old car, this is the best car I have ever driven  My kids love it. Put them in the back seat and I don't hear   a peep out of them. Their to busy playing with all the gizmos in the back seat,  when their not sleeping in the couch like rear seats. Speaking of which,  These seats are more comfortable than the couches I have in my house. To bad   I can't fit my big screen in the back seat....I wouldn't have to ever leave the car.  Driving this car back to So. Califrornia from Texas was an absolute pleasure to drive.  It handled like a brand new car. I was suprised to get 22 MPH on the freeway. Althought the  body is a little long, but hey! This is a Caddy. I would not expect anything less  My Uncle took great care of it, so I plan on doing the same. Who knows?  Maybe my daughter will be driving it one of these days.
Nice riding and handle, head turner all the way but stalling problem persists no know fix yet. Any one with similar problem would like to hear from them?  Over all a fine automobile, with some minor problems to be expected for 12 years old
Purchased the Cadillac DeVille in 1998, with 69,000 km. as a second vehicle.  We had been looking at two to three year old mid-sized cars, e.g., Ford Taurus, Pontiacs, etc.  These cost $14,000 CND, versus this vehicle which cost $9,000. CND. The vehicle now has 103,000 km. The vehicle was in excellent or near perfect condition when purchased.  It has a cloth interior, and seating comfort is unbelievable, and has spoiled me so that I no longer enjoy driving anything else.  The motor is fantastically smooth, great acceleration, reliable starting even on the coldest eastern Canadian mornings.  Handling feels more responsive than other vehicles.  The vehicle had no rust when purchased, and we have had it protected with Rust Check every year since purchase, so there is still no rust despite heavy salt on winter roads.  Finally, I must add that the owning a Cadillac is a hoot. When my wife and I go out to a play or for supper we feel as though we are riding in a limosine.  Friends and family chide me and I take a great deal of teasing for driving such a 'luxurious' vehicle.  But in the end I tell them that my car most likely cost far less than than their new Honda Civic, or Hyundi.
I BOUGHT THIS CAR FOR 2000 DOLLARS AND THIS CAR HAS 200,000 MILES AND YOUD NEVER KNOW IT.ALWAYS DEPENDABLE,COMFORTABLE,AND ALL MY FRIENDS ARE VERY INVIOUS OF ME.
I bought this car in 1998, it had 195,000 miles on it, and I was a lil weary.   It now has over 215,000 and still riding strong.  It has lots of dents, and dings, (mostly from before I bought it) but the car rides whisper quiet and takes to the highway like a King.  Comfortably seats 5-7 people.When I bought it, it had oil leaks galore.  Replaced the oil pan gasket and some seal on the axles.  It still leaks oil everywhere, and the transmission needs 10-15 minutes to warm up in cold weather, otherwise you'll never get out of 1st gear.  Literally!@!@!@!  But I give her about a quart of oil every 2 weeks to make up for the oil leaks, and she rides well, and never ever let me down.The absolute worse thing about this car is the Leveling Suspension motor.  If you have one lil leak in the line, the motor will keep running nonstop even when the engine is off, trying to level it.  The maintenance on trying to find the leak in the leveling hoses can run you into the poor house.  I find it cheaper to just change the battery after it runs down from the leveling motor, (normally once every 9 months) instead of spending $800 trying to rehose a 11 year old car.
This is an excellent car.   The 1990 model had a 4.5-liter engine; bigger than the older 4.3 liter motors but not quite as nice as the later 4.9's.  Still, it offers plenty of performance to get the job done.  While not the fastest car on the road (far from it), the Caddy will still surprise a lot of people with its abilities.The motor is a little quirky about fuel economy.  If takes a certain knack to really get good mileage out of this vehicle.  Most people who drive my car get around 16-18 MPG.  However, I always get at least 20 MPG and on the highway, usually more like 25.  I've had as much as 27 MPG on long flat roads.  Optimum fuel economy is achieved at about 55-60 MPH.  Mileage is very important with this car, since it requires the expensive 91-octane gas.Driving the old Caddy is quite fun.  The suspension is soft enough that if you gas it from a stop, the car rears up pretty far, and the engine gives off a pleasing growl then gassed a lot.  Plus, like any Cadillac, it has plenty of useless gizmos to wow your friends with--such as vanity mirror dimmer switches, rear glove box, fuel mileage computer, THREE cigarette lighters, and little indicator lights for your headlights and taillights (these are actually quite useful).Interior space is shocking--the inside of the car seems large enough to have THREE rows of seats; it's almost cave-like. The backseat is more like a couch than something you'd expect in a car, and the backseat has more legroom than most car's FRONT seats.  Needless to say, there's plenty of room--both in front AND back--to make even an NBA player happy.  By comparison, the inside of something like a Ford Taurus feels like a sardine can.  After getting used to the Cadillac, A Sunfire seems like no more than a glorified Go-Kart.One downside, especially for those unsure of their driving ability, is this car's almost complete lack of rear visibility.  The rear window is all of about 4 ihches high, and making things worse is the wide rear roof supports; small objects behind the car (like a Geo Metro) are nearly impossible to see.  Backing requires both lots of skill AND lots of luck.  Something common to these older Cadillacs--understandibly--is a somewhat banged-up tail.  Fortunately the rear bumper is a massive steel slab.One thing I'll say about my Cadillac, is it NEVER let me down.  And I haven't been nice to it.  I've driven it through door-deep snowdrifts, I've driven through beyond-knee-deep standing water (was funny to see the stuck Explorer and CRV), it is solid and sure in any sort of wind or rain. This car inspires confidence in its driver (as long as you're moving foreward).If you're in the used-car market and have somewhere between 5 and 10 thousand bucks to spend, definately look at an early-'90's Cadillac.  Usually you can find one with sufficiently low mileage (I got mine with 41K), and for the money they are an incredible value!   Don't just dismiss it because of it's 'granny-car' image; it's a vastly better machine than most comparibly-priced vehicles.Buy a Cadillac and never look back!
This series of Deville/Fleetwood, 1989-1993 is an excellent car and very reliable which makes it an excellent choice for those who are looking for luxury on a budget.  Models are cheap and plentiful.  Mine had 80,000 miles when I bought it in 1994 and has provided exceptional service.  The 4.9 liter engine was slightly more troublesome than the 4.5 liter which ended in 1990.  Excellent car for those needing room and who want a little style comfort and luxury. I selected the car based on Consumer Reports reccomended used car list back in 1994.  It was the only full sized American car on the list and it has behaved exactly as they predicted.  
my 1989 fleetwood is still a bit of an anomaly for me . my last car was a '89 porsche 944 turbo - which i sold three years ago when i moved to england to study at exeter university . that car bone stock would hit 60mph in 5.5 secs , 100mph in 14.8 secs and keep going to 168 mph , and i went and added about 100 more horsepower after that !! but now i am enjoying my old cadillac a lot . i needed a large roomy luxury car to show my clients around in ( i am a realtor in dallas ) . and my mother''s fiance had a bunch of cars, so i took this prestine cady off his hands . i have only put a few thousand miles on it , and i find it very relaxing to drive . i did own a bmw 7 series for about a year - because you can''t show a family houses in a modified 380hp porsche turbo . i enjoyed the bimmer , which definitely was a lot faster and performance oriented than my fleetwood but the maintenance bills were spectacular ( not in a good way )! so far my cady has been great , the 4.5 litre v8 has enough torque so as not to feel overburdened . the brakes are a bit weak -but this is not a big issue since i don''t speed much anymore and keep my distance for these nutty , inattentive , turn signal challenged , tailgating , speedy gonzalez drivers around here ( no offence ) ! my fleetwood is white with the white padded roof and burgundy cloth interior and of course the fleetwoods had the genuine cherrywood trim . and it has 97k miles , the paint and body are near perfect and it has always been garaged - the original owner was a very wealthy lady in florida and she kept good maintenance records. i love the roominess and so do my clients and my friends . my friends may make fun of my 'land yacht' sometimes , but they always want me to drive when we go to dinner or a film - so maybe they have some issues ( closet cadillac cases ) ! i am looking to buy a newer car in the next six months - i will look at a wide range of products . before i happened to purchase this fleetwood i would never have thought of owning a cadillac but now i will at least test drive a couple before i make a move to a newer luxury car . p.s. - i need to find the cherrywood radio bezel to replace the original - damaged when the original stereo was snatched -rennsport1@juno.com or rschalij@dgriffin.com
I love my Cady and never want to get rid of it but I want a new car that gets more power, is faster, and gets much better gas mileage, especially with the increase in gas prices. Another good thing about this car is that the engines in the years around this car sucked. The bearings would go out and the engines didn't last long. This baby has 176,000 miles on it and still runs great. Hope it stays that way. In the past year and a few months, the only problems I have had are i needed a new starter and bought a rebuilt one for $150 and my right front brake caliber would not go back in to put brakes on. Dad tried everything and he didn't want to buy a new one. So he put it in a vice and problem solved. It works fine again. Engine does sound different though cause of the bearings but it still runs fine. Goes through oil fast but that was fixed with some tightening of some bolts. Overall I love my Cady and so do all of my friends.
This car is only for the bamma's who really love classic cars, especially Cadillacs.
I bought this car in March of 99 from a lady in New Jersey.  I was looking for a beater to drive around and had 1,000 bucks to spend.  I found this car and I couldn't be happier with it.  The car was in mint condition when I bought it.  Not one flaw on it.  This one had been babied and the lady was just too old to drive it.  The 4.1 V8 Engine has never given me a problem.  It runs smooth and starts reliably every single time even in sub zero temperatures.  I've put over 50,000 miles on this car since I bought it and I haven't replaced a thing.  I just change the oil and other fluids and general maintenance.  The interior is super comfortable and roomy and VERY quiet.  Going 85 mph down the highway, I can't hear the engine or any wind noise.  Just the hum of the tires on the pavement.  I got this thing up to 110 mph driving across the Oklahoma panhandle and it was super smooth and quiet.  There were absolutely no vibrations.  It felt like I was sitting still.  I've driven this car across the US several times and it has never let me down.  In September, I took it on a 3,000 mile road trip to Colorado.  I drove up Pikes Peak and other big mountains and it ran strong and reliably the whole way.  I had an 85 Eldorado with the same motor and it was a great car as well.  I LOVE this Cadillac and it was the best 1,000 dollars I ever spent.  I wish I could say the same things about my 92 Bonneville SSEi, but I can't.  I drive my Cadillac almost everywhere now.  The ONLY thing I've had happen to me was the armrest on the drivers side door got a small crack in the leather or vinyl or whatever it is.  It's in the spot where I always lean on with my elbow when I drive.  I was looking to buy a beater, and wound up getting the best car I've ever owned and I've owned a LOT of different cars.
General Motors created a car that was well ahead of its time.  In the year 1985 This caddy (as well as some other GM full size cars) rode on a chasis that was only about 200 inches long (similar to a modern Buick LeSabre).  Yet, this car had the capability to fit 6 passengers. Typically during this time full size cars were still laden with chrome, and at least 220 inches in length.  Cadillac however created the all new deville for 85.  This car featured a 4.1 liter V8, six passenger capability, a whole host of power options, and an overall comfortable roomy interior.
The caddy is the shizzzzn*t! I loved it, great experience.
1976 Cadillac DeVille8.2 Litre 500ci 4bb Engine210HP 400lbs TourqueEveryone should drive one of these beasts at least once. They are such a blast to cruise around in.
If you ask me, don't buy this sucker. It's a pain in the butt to park, the parts are expensive, it's very sluggish conerning acceleration, and on top of everything, it gobbles gas. Maybe it's fine for some old geezer, but if you are looking for a great all around car, this is far from it. Look somewhere else...anywhere!
I would recomend this car to anyone who has class and who likes to relax when they drive. And to occasionally peel out at a stop light and burn any second or third rate normal car that wants to challenge you. 
2000 CADILLAC DEVILLE DTS
It was always my dream to own an old school cadillac. this example was the perfect one. 52000 miles and totally rust free, which in michigan is saying something. the 4100 is a bit of a dog, and it succs down gas like its going out of style.  this car has class for days and days, and enough street cred that anyone will get out of your way, not that they need to, cuzz its slow as hell.  all this car needs to turn someone into a real playa is a set of rims and a nice system, both of which she got soon after purchase.  the interior of this car is more comfortable than my living room, with those full length leather bench seats front and rear, plus sooo much legroom, and a 2 door.  basically, anyone who wants a stylish car, buy this one without being afraid
PAID $27,5OO for new one .  this car is so fast that you can blow the doors off any other luxary car
I had wanted a Cadillac Elodorado for several years, but was wary of purchasing a used one due to the potential cost and frequency of repairs. However, thanks to a good job promotion and 0% financing, I jumped off the fence at my 40th birthday and bought one of the last new Eldorados for sale in the Washington DC area. I have since accumulated 22,000 miles with no failures.     The only issues I've had are (1) that even slight wheel imbalance or asymmetry spoils what would be a glassy highway demeanor, and (2) the brake rotors needed turning at 18,000 miles--but then, I'm very atuned to such things. Oil consumption is nil; I use Mobil-1 synthetic, always wait for the idle RPM to settle after starting, and baby the car the first few miles as it warms up.     In summary, although I am eating a lot of depreciation, I'm thoroughly enjoying my Eldorado and hope that Cadillac reintroduces the model as a cross between this version (size, comfort, presence) and the new CTS-V (world-class performance and handling). Now THAT would be an Eldorado to lust for!
Although I know how reliable and great these cars are supposed to be mine was not.  I am glad that I know longer own the car.
i chose this rating because it is the best  car for that amount of money
First impression was that it was a most eye pleasing, powerful, comfortable vehicle.  The 300 horsepower Northstar engine really was impressive when passing on the highway.  I often used the On-Star system to held find my way and it was comforting to know a human was only a button push away.If you are over 6 foot 3 inches you might find there is not enough head room.  The back seat is pretty much wasted space.  I found that the tolerance on external body part alignment could have been better.Alas, after it spontaneously lost its steering 3 months into ownership I have rarely driven it for fear of a reoccurance.  Two GM service managers have indicated that the coupling that ties the steering column into the rack completely disengaged.  They believe it occured due to an error in assempbly.  If you have an Eldorado, you may want to have the dealer check that the steering is in place with sufficient torque.
Purchased the car from McCann Cadillac in Fife Washington. Traded in a 1992 Allante' with 46k miles. The Eldorado had 14,900 miles and a single owner. There were a few areas that required attention and McCann handled them all. Sense my purchase 4 months ago, my wife and I have taken 2 trips totalling 4k miles. The car has proformed flawlessly returning 33.5 mpg highway and 21.2 mpg city. I have detailed every asspect of the car with Griot's Garage products and the appearance is now better than new, per the Service Manager at the dealer. We purchased the extended Wynn's warrantee for 6 years/72k miles and have total trust in the car. The ride is fantastic, very quiet and everything works as designed. I purchased an OBD II scanner and will monitor all functions. The car uses about 1/8 cup of oil in 1000 miles. no leaks anywhere, either water or oil. I also own a 1983 BMW 633CSi, so I am qualified to evaluate fine cars. This is our 7 Cadillac in 40 years along with Jaguars XKE's, Lanica Zagato's & BMWs. The interior is great off white leather with very light tan carpet. The car is kept in air-conditioned/heated garage that is also a full shop. I replaced the OEM tires, 9/32' tread with Goodyear Aquatreads because I want my wife to have the best wet traction tire available, AA rated. So fare the car is everything we desire and I am sure we will own it for may years.
Good car!.. other review is right, ac and small electrical are possible. But this is common for almost all 97-99 caddi's. But on the whole, its one of the best cars I have owned.     it does have some issues with its stability controll. Havent got around to have it diagnosed. but it is of little concern for the moment.
I do believe this car with the northstar engine saved our lives yesterday. My daughter's boyfriend was driving and doing about 70 in the outside lane on interstate 70 in ohio when a semi started coming into our lane. The driver locked eyes with him but continued to move into our lane anyway. We ended up on the shoulder with the two left tires actually on the grass. My main point about this car is that we had power even at 70 miles an hour to burn rubber and move out of the way. Had we been driving a less powerful car, it is quite possible we would have been side swiped by the truck driver.
Sick ride - bought this car in mid winter handled awesome in the snow. Felt much more in control then other vehicles I've owned. With the stabilitrac option combined with ABS I never found myself in a situation the car could'nt handle. Including stoppin on glare ice. Stability made it hard to lose control. E-brake handles awesome around corners - easy foot pedal that releases itself makes for fun driving on snow.
I drive cars until the wheels fall off. My grand am left me beside the road 300 miles from home and I bought the Eldo on the spot. Needed a good commuter car for 300+ a week. Awesome ride, good handling, 30+mpg at 65-75mph. I have put 60,000 miles on the car myself (in 2 years) to make a grand total of 105,000. So in short, I've driven the bejeezus out of the car. I also have done the following work: Engine case reseal($700), Head Gasket replacement ($2700), new plugs, wires, and fuel system repair ($800), new brakes ($500). Next week I am replacing the A/C compressor which went out in July ($600). I know there are some valves floating too, but power is strong, fuel economy is good, and I cant help but point this car down the yellow dotted line until it too gives up the ghost. (Also, yesterday a piece of plastic stripping along the bottom of a door was removed by a little old lady in a buick at the mall. New part=$250. Thank god for junk yards)
I love these things. This is my second Eldo. The first was a 1994. In two years I put 100,000 miles and three sets of tires,and two sets of brakes on it. also a water pump. I bought the 97 last December,and so far have put over 40,000 on it. Zero problems and I don't baby it I run it hard.
nice car lotts of style fast an fun to drive.
In '98 When I was looking for a car I knew what I wanted, a Cadillac.  So I went over to the Cadillac Dealer to take a look around.  Before I got out of my car I was greeted with a handshake and a warm smile.  I was invited in to the showroom.  As soon as I walked in I sa it.  It was a 1997 ETC, White Diamond with tan interior, Navy Blue Canvas top.  By the next 10 mins. I was peeling out of the parking lot.  WOW WHAT A CAR!!  When I came back the salesman said, Did you like it?  Of course I said yes.  I was then explained what I could get, A heck of a lot of car for the money!  I have had previous Cadillacs but this was all the better.  It had 10k miles on it, I was explained that I would get a 6 year/70,000 mile Bumper to bumper warranty.  So I signed everything and drove away the same day with a big smile and a new gold ownership medalion asying X-- representing my 10th Cadillac.
Very cheaply made, 'Tercel' cut-out door handles, leather is already stretching on the seats, BOSE stereo..forget the base, uncomfortable for a 6'00' foot person....can I go on? 
BOUGHT AT 50000 MILES NOW AT 59000 MILES AFTER 14 MONTHS.THIS ENGINE HAS CONSUMED 3 TO 4 QUARTS OF OIL EVERY 3000 MILES. NO ONE AT CADILLAC SERVICE CAN EXPLAIN. THE DRIVER'S SIDE WINDOW MOTOR AND SWITCH HAVE BEEN REPLACED,OVER 200 DOLLARS SPENT, MASTER CYLINDER AND TURN SIGNAL SWITCH 266 DOLLARS,BRAKE VACUUM SENSOR GROUNDED 183 DOLLARS,REPLACE MASTER CYLINDER BLEED BRAKE SYSTEM 57 DOLLARS,FUEL SENDING UNIT OVER 400 DOLLARS,WHEEL POSITION SENSORS INTERNAL ELECTICAL FAILURES AND OTHER ELECTRONIC SUSPENSION COMPONENTS ETC.1207 DOLLARS,REAR AIR SHOCK TUBING 138 DOLLARS, REPLACE LOWER A/C HOSE AND SEVERAL A/C SWITCHS WITH FAILURES,OVER 400 DOLLARS,12DISC C/D CHANGER IN TRUNK QUIT,I FOUND REBUILT UNIT AT 300 DOLLARS.  ON TOP OF MECHANICAL PROBLEMS MAJOR PANEL OF INTERIOR LIKE THE DASH SKIN,REAR PANELS BY QUARTER WINDOWS AND REAR WINDSHEILD ARE SIMPLY COMING APART FALLING DOWN ,BECOMING UNGLUED ETC.
I,m angry because I have been lead to to believe this was the US,s finest car when it came to durability. This is the fourth caddy I have purchased and made excuses for the cars performance. The first being an 84 sedan deville, the struts went out. The 87 had to replace the engine, the next a 92 seville this car completely deteriated spent $4,000. When I got rid of the car it had me stranded on the express because the battery would not a charge and the caddy dealer wanted $1,000 to repair the car at this point I knew I would have drive it into the nearest river,but I chose to replace with a 96 eldo notice it no longer requires a capital letter. This one had 22 or 24 thousand miles it now has 53thousand miles and the seals for engine and rearend are gone plus the fuel pump is gone needless to say I am going to be a turncoat can't afford the payment and repairs. Going to let some uspecting have I know is a peice of poop.I,m diappointed quite frankly I,m devisated I still owe $20,oo on this peice of poop Beware let it stay on the lot until the money we are ask to pay as consumers it,s not worth it
I would reccommend this car to anyone who wants tobe different from a mercedes or bmw driver. I havebeen told by many many people that this is the mostbeautiful car they have ever seen. It's so classy andexotic. What I don't appreciate is that cadillac doesnot put tan interiors in the eldorados anymore. Thattotally ruins them. There is a new red one at my localdealer with a grey interior that isn't selling. (wonder why,read and grey, what were they thinking?) I reccommend foranyone who likes this car to get a black interior with a black exterior or grey exterior and vice versa. This car's beefy looks stack up to such cars as aston martins. Ireally reccommend it!
Looked awhile for a luxury car, and settled on the Eldorado. Have had it 2 1/2 years, 48000 miles when I bought it, 58000 now. It's very smooth, powerful, and I get an honest to god 28 MPG on the highway, 23 around town. No problems except A/C, and it was not right when I bought the car. It looks and even smells brand new. I love the styling, and it handles well. I don't get to drive it as much as I would like; but when I do, its a pleasure. I'm the second owner, but its obvious the car has been well cared for.
There is no doubt that this car screams and hangs on to any corner. It looks better than the Lincoln MK-VIIIs, but it will annoy you to death with error codes.
This performance Vehicle is not for the light of heart, or shallow of pocket individual. I am very pleased over all, because I have always wanted this body style.
I HAD CAR PAINTED DUE TO DEAD PAINT AND IT LOOKS LIKE A NEW ONE! WHAT A VALUE! IT GOOBLES GAS BUT LOOKS LIKE A $35K CAR.I HAVE REALLY ENJOYED THE CAR AND TRUST THE 4.9 MOTOR OVER THE NORTHSTAR DUE TO COST TO REPAIR. NORTHSTAR MOTORS ARE VERY DIFFICULT AND EXPENSIVE TO GET SERVICED. $9000 FOR A REBUILD? WOW! THAT IS WHAT MY CADDY DEALER SAID. I FOUND I CAN BUY THE WHOLE 4.9 MOTOR WITH GOOD MILES FOR $2000 OR LESS.***SO, IF YOU WANT TO LOOK THE 'PART' WITHOUT PAYING OR HAVING TO PAY LATER BUY A 92 ELDORADO (THE LAST YEAR OF THE 4.9 MOTOR) AND CHANGE THE WHEELS YOUR FRIENDS WILL NEVER KNOW THE MODEL!
The 1996 El Dorado is an amazing vehicle. It rides nice, has plenty of power, is comfortable and apart from the constant wind noise is be perfect to drive. But, maintenance costs take the pleasure out of the ownership of this car. While I have experienced several of the electrical “glitches” mentioned elsewhere (including power seats with minds of their own) my biggest complaint is the “fan motor/evaporator housing that has completely disintegrated. The plastic material that it is constructed of will now crumble between your fingers and needs to be replaced due to the large chunks of it that have fallen away. To add insult to injury, it is going to cost approximately $1500 to replace. The engine has to be lowered from the vehicle to reinstall the new part. Cadillac states that the vehicle, with an average of 8000/year, has too many miles for them to correct the problem and further states that it is not a manufacturing defect.
love the car, 4.6 northstar, 300 hp  black on black, no problems with car.  i am a mechanic, engine leaking no oil-big surprise as many do, previous owners very picky, dealer maintained entire vehicle. plenty of power to keep up with more expensive vehicles. this vehicle gets looks like you would not believe.   i had a 1997 eldorado etc before, sold it before it hit 100,000kms it was pearl red, awesome car. cant say a bad thing about these vehicles, i work on them all the time, other then electrical and a/c problems, no other major problems to complain about. from my experience, all vehicles have faults, and for the people that put down this car, you don't know what you are missing, i am 25 and people envy me in this car. it shines bright from waxing and washing it religiously.  anybody that has one should keep it that way since they stopped making them.   true collectors item i think. in my opinion it is cadillacs best styling job in a long while and even to this date it still is!! so if you have the chance to buy one, should, you wont regret it!!
love the car, 4.6 northstar, 300 hp  black on black, no problems with car.  i am a mechanic, engine leaking no oil-big surprise as many do, previous owners very picky, dealer maintained entire vehicle. plenty of power to keep up with more expensive vehicles. this vehicle gets looks like you would not believe.   i had a 1997 eldorado etc before, sold it before it hit 100,000kms it was pearl red, awesome car. cant say a bad thing about these vehicles, i work on them all the time, other then electrical and a/c problems, no other major problems to complain about. from my experience, all vehicles have faults, and for the people that put down this car, you don't know what you are missing, i am 25 and people envy me in this car. it shines bright from waxing and washing it religiously.  anybody that has one should keep it that way since they stopped making them.   true collectors item i think. in my opinion it is cadillacs best styling job in a long while and even to this date it still is!! so if you have the chance to buy one, should, you wont regret it!!
This polo green Eldo is a truly classic design, one of the most beautiful cars I have ever seen, especially it's rear end. The Northstar engine (275 hp) has more than enough power and still gets excellent gas mileage. Owning a Cadillac is totally uncharacteristic for me, but this car has an effect (positive) on nearly everyone who sees it. I've read all the horror stories about service problems, but I've only had a water pump belt go. It uses oil, but this is characteristic of the Northstar engine. Even if I have to sink a couple grand into it over the next year or so, it is still worth it. These cars can be had at a very reasonable price right now and ought to hold up relatively well. Just an opinion, but if you are taking yours to a Cadillac dealer for service you are a masochist. I have already discussed prices on the most common repairs for this vehicle with my independent mechanic and it looks like this car can be a keeper..as long as I don't have to go to a dealer for anything other than parts. The state of dealer service in this country is deplorable.
I HAD BEEN WANTING AN ELDORADO FOR YEARS. I FINALLY FOUND ONE WITH 40,000 MILES. IT NOW HAS 53,000 MILES. THE LOOKS OF THIS CAR MAKE YOU WANT TO WASH IT EVERY DAY JUST SO YOU CAN ADMIRE IT. I PULL UP TO A STOP LIGHT AND THE YOUNGER PEOPLE IN SPORTS CARS CAN'T BELIVE I CAN BEAT THEM OFF THE LINE.WOW, WHAT POWER! WHEN I FIRST PURCHASED THIS CAR THE RIDE WAS GREAT, JUST FLOATED ALONG, NOW IT IS VERY ROUGH, I FEEL EVERY BUMP. I FEEL I WILL NEED TO INVEST IN STRUTTS. IF THAT IS THE ONLY REPAIR I DO UNTIL 100,000 MILES I WILL BE EXTREAMLY PLEASED.
Alot of problem with motor. At 47000 mile replaced fuel pump $900.00. Thensix months later replaced the electronic brake module $1300.00. Now it needs another fuel pump not going to happen, will pawn off on the first fool that comes along. I have owned for 2 years. I am terrifed to take it on road trips. It tells you when your door is open but will not tell when there is something major wrong
Great car to drive as it is luxurious, powerful, smooth, well-equiped, and good looking. However, many very expensive repairs and shop time make me wonder if its worth it. The extreme positive and negative reports on this model sound like a crap shoot for the general public, which does not speak well for overall quality control during the manufacturing process. I bought the car 3 years ago at 51,000 miles and now have 68,400 miles on it. Equipment replacements include: brake module, wireing harness, tie-rod end, driver's side window seal, sway bar links, A/C compressor and accumulator, and fuel regulator. Most of these are 'heavy-hitters'. If quality had been better for this model, perhaps Cadillac wouldn't be discontinuing the line in 2003 because of poor sales. 
So far i like the car.  We previously had a Lincoln Mark VIII which makes the eldorado seem a little cheap.  The ergonomics could be better, and the options were limited.  The front wheel drive is annoying due to the oversteer with all front wheel drives and the steering is sluggish like a truck.  It this car was a RWD and had tighter steering it would be a beast on wheels.  The 300 hp engine is nice and has a good growl to it when you push the pedal to the floor.  All in all, i think it is a good car, but it could have came with more comforts for the price.
I love it!    It's beautiful, sporty, fast, sort of like  a large comfortable Trans Am.
I am disappointed by some of the negative reviews here.  For anyone who has a Caddy with a Northstar, you should feel privileged to have such raw power and distinction on the road.  I love my Eldorado since the day I got it (when I was 16).  40k miles, 4 years, countless oil changes, 8 tires, 4 brakes, two throttle bodies, one new exhaust system, one bumpers, one headlamp, and one CD player later, I''m more in love with it than ever before...the chicks dig it, and it''s faster than a bat out of hell.  Also, it''s very comfy and roomy making it perfect for long rides two and from college.
Bought this particular car for my wife and CarMax located one with the color and equipment as I requested for a very decent price.  Eldorados were the only car she had driven for years.  This one ran perfect and looked great until the 50,000 mile warranty ran out.  The Northstar engine leaked about a quart of oil a month - cost of repair about $3000.  The transmission had been giving us problems for awhile and then gave up everything except first gear - cost of repair another $3000.  Car did become a little sloppy on turns - cost of repair (4 new struts) about $2900 !  True, each strut discounted price is about $450.  As I said before, this was one awesome car that drove great and drew many positive comments on looks and being a unique car but get things repaired before the warranty runs out.  Finally traded it in on a new Chrysler 300M which my wife had to get used to.  Of course, it's not a Cadillac.    
Looks nice.  The most poorly engineered vehicle I have ever owned.  More problems than all my other cars put together.  Incompetent dealers.  Incompetent mechanics.  Eats engines.  For complete details see http://www.members.home.net/gtrose/Northstar engines have an electrolysis problem that erodes the aluminum head bolt threads in the block.  The bolts will pull out and the whole engine needs to be pulled.  Special sleeves need to be installed to correct the problem.Cadillac will write you off so be prepared to pay through every orifice.  Hertz, (tm) who rents Cadillacs will immediately check oil levels on any returned Cadillac.  To my knowledge the Cadillacs are the only vehicles needing this degree of paranoia in their entire fleet.
  The car looks great and had many comments on it.  It is Polo green with the chrome option.  It drove great and had a lot of power.  Very comfortable to ride in.  I would have recommended this car to anyone until what I just found out recently.  There is a major design flaw with the motor.  My car only has 67,000 miles on it and I have to pay over 3,000 dollars to repair a blown head gasket.  The cause for the blown head gasket is, the head bolts pulled out of the block.  I was told by the Cadillac mechanic that this is common for the Northstar motor.  He said it usual doesn't happen till 100,000 miles though.  The reason the bolts pull out of the block is because the head bolts are thread directly into the aluminum block.  The aluminum can't handle the pulling force of the bolts.  Cadillac repairs the problem by drilling out the old threads and inserting steel sleeves into the holes which are threaded for the head bolts.  Cadillac will not repair it!  I tried to get help from them but they don't care.  Please take note and beware of all Northstar motors.
My Cadillac is the most uniqe car among all my peers...I'm only a college freshman...had it since I was 16, and most people with a solid income and family WISH they had a car that performs like mine. I'm very lucky to have my baby and wouldn't trade it for the world...living near Cleveland..it's comforting to know the traction control works well and the heated seats roast the driver in snowy weather.  300hp ain't bad either..from what I understand, 1994 was a great year for the ETC...I'd recommend it to people of all ages.  (I'd get a 2001 model because they're gonna be gone forever!)
I always wanted to get the Cadillac with the Northstar engine out of my system. I drove the car for a little over two years and loved every minute of it. It took off like a rocket and handled well. The only problem is with reliability. And thats a big problem when you depend on a car for transportation. When a sticker price on a car is over $45,000 dollars you expect it to last over 60,000 miles. To have major problems caused by manufactures defects and engineering flaws is unacceptable. To add insult to injury the people at Cadillac never issued a recall on the known problems. This car was serviced by a Cadillac from day one. All scheduled maintenance done by Cadillac. I finally traded this car for a Infinti at least they stand behind what they sell. 
yea listen this cars got so many miles on it people think its bad there sooooo wrong i got this car and its got like the best ride i race it all the time agaist them imports cars the cars got the looks and the power but be carfull if ur push hard in the rain it dont really have good control and u can lose it affter 80 mph so becarful any way looking to boast the power cheap higher octane new spark plugs and  a kn fillter dont put the chip in there or else ur wallets gonna be empty graet for kids like me young italains with bats in the trunks
I'm in love with the 90's Cadillac body styles. There isn't anything quite like a V8 powered Cadillac of most vintages! I was overjoyed with this 1994 ElDorado, at first. I've discovered, first hand, and from the testimonies of others that the Northstar Cadillacs leave much to be desired in terms of reliability and service/parts costs.  Barring any significant failures I plan on keeping this car for about two more years before selling it. I had a 1963 Coupe DeVille before buying this car. I sold the '63 because it would have needed about $8000.oo in parts and work to be something I could rely on for long drives. The failures common to the post '92 Cadillacs can run close to that amount or higher. All things considered, I still have love for and pride in owning my '94 ElDorado.
I wanted to wait a while before I wrote a review on my 94 eldo etc, so I could get a full taste of what the car was really like. Like any car it has both postive and negitive aspects. Overall, I would say its a good car and I enjoy my etc very much, however it is costly, yet, worth it.
I wanted to wait a while before I wrote a review on my 94 eldo etc, so I could get a full taste of what the car was really like. Like any car it has both postive and negitive aspects. Overall, I would say its a good car and I enjoy my etc very much, however it is costly, yet, worth it.
I have had this car for just over three months. Since that time I have had to replace the Radiator, repair the Bose sound system, and am now forced to replace the transmission.  I am a bit frustrated as I will have invested 10k in a car that has 130K miles on it. Its a beautiful car, it is too bad that I have had so many issues. I really wanted to love this car, but have had too many bad dependability issues.
I have had this car for just over three months. Since that time I have had to replace the Radiator, repair the Bose sound system, and am now forced to replace the transmission.  I am a bit frustrated as I will have invested 10k in a car that has 130K miles on it. Its a beautiful car, it is too bad that I have had so many issues. I really wanted to love this car, but have had too many bad dependability issues.
cadillac eldorado, what can i say, i finally got one with the 300hp Northstar. i wasn't yet sure to buy it with the 170000+ miles on the speedo. but with the stock chrome rims, the black paint with all the chrome trim, i couldn't resist. i am 18, and my first car was a 85 eldorado, then the weakly 4.1 started knocking. then i found the most nicest car a customer bought over to the garage, a 89 coup deville, to my luck he was selling it, i bought it for 2000. the work since on it has been minimal, fixed the plastic air line for the rear shocks, thats been it for a while, but now first gear slips a little and i engine hesistates. now i have this 94, only for 2000, i knew it wouldn't be great,, past weeks i replaced the right front wheel bearing, the wires for the radio were bare and touching the metal inside the dash, the power seats, electric door locks and the trunk/fuel release buttons dont work, i replaced the drivers window motor, i put a tranny cooler in for now because the tranny fluid was leaking into the cooling system, the strut mounts are way bad, and the oil pan gasket is leaking pretty good, other then these, i still love the car. real fast and ace looking, the interior is the nicest i ever seen.
We found this car to be entirely reliable and just a great car. The   interior is mint and had no damage. The car has just been excelent!
I bought the car for its beauty and became impressed with it at all levels. It was luxurious, fast, easy to maintain, very safe and pretty reliable. I wish I still had it but a lady hit me head on at about 40 mph. Entire front was crumpled to almost the windshield. The car's seat belts and air bag saved me...I just opened the door and walked away. I am looking for another (1993 to 1996) in the spring.
When I hand wash my car the neightor think I bought a new car. It looks like a new car inside and out. It runs good. I have pull up to a stop sign and beat these sports car and they just shake there heads. I bought the car three years ago with 61,000 miles and now I have 83,000 miles.
I would recommend this car to anyone.  YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!
This car has about the quality of a Ford escort, from the 80's, I got the car 6 months ago with 46k on it. i traded in my 89 eldorado it had 150k and never had any real problems. i now have have 55k on this one. The trans is slipping, roters are shot, starter went, cadillic converter is bad, cd player don't work all the time, there a vacuume leak, door seals leak, and the molding is comming off the sides. I will Never Buy another cadillac again.
A beautiful American coupe with timeless character and power to spare. Cadillac had something to prove when they redesigned the Eldorado in '92, and the gorgeous car that resulted was worth the effort. Because coupes are out of fashion these days thanks to the SUV/pickup craze, used Eldorados are both plentiful and affordable. I have owned many fine cars over the years, including BMW 3, 5 & 6 Series, Lincoln Mk VII, Infiniti Q45, etc. None have delivered the consistent comfort, class and reliability combined with the roadworthy handling and power of the Eldorado. The leather seats are the most comfortable I've ever sat in, wonderful for extended time behind the wheel, and are just one part of why the Eldo is a true grand touring coupe. I recently updated the look of my '92 with some '02 7-spoke wheels, and it looks fantastic. In my opinion, the '92-'02 Eldo embodies the best attributes of American design with few of the weaknesses. And I love the similiarity between this series of Eldorado and Cadillac's 1000 hp 'Sixteen' concept car. For my coupe money, this series Eldo is hard to beat
BEWARE of converting your pre-R134a Cadillac air conditioning R-12 systems to the newer refrigerant! AC systems on 9'0s era models (including my ‘92 Eldorado) cannot be successfully converted, due to 2 sensors designed to properly function only with R-12 in the system. Doing a retrofit to R-134 on these cars will greatly boost system pressure & temperature, resulting in the inevitable blowing of seals on the compressor, leaking freon and eventually requiring a compressor replacement. Ask me how I know: this just happened to me, after having bought my Eldo a year ago in part because the previous owner had converted it from R-12 to R134a refrigerant. Little did I know that it would cost me $950 12 months down the road. I now have to replace the compressor and assorted system parts to return the system to R-12, the only way to insure a functioning & reliable system. Of course, I could spend 'just' $500+ for a new compressor & dryer, keep the R134a and have cold air for awhile. But the best estimate by a good AC man is 'about a year' before the seals blow and I'd be back at the shop needing a new compressor. It seems that, all GM cars (of course), Cadillacs have the only system that can't be converted to R134, again because of those 2 sensors which read internal pressure & temperature of the AC system. There are no sensors for these pre-134a cars that will function properly with R-134. So, beware of converting your pre-134a Cadillac to the newer refrigerant, or buying one that has been converted. You'll pay for it
This car has been great. Mine has the 4.9 with 145,000 on the odometer and runs as strong as ever. I've heard a lot of bad things about this engine, but I have not had any major problems myself. Though, I would not recommend buying one of this vintage unless you've got some cash to burn or invest, however you look at it. Replacement parts will cost you a fortune- this I know through research, not experience. Mash the throttle and you will be firmly planted in your seat. Warning: This car does not play well with others, hot-rodders take note and get a good look...
I just got done reading the review of the 4.9 caddy motor being junk. That guy most have gotten a bad beat up cadi. I have a 1991 sedan deville with 175,000 miles on it & this car is tight. Still extremely fast & powerful and its idling just fine{after i reset the computer} This car rides like a dream and i will never own another car other than Cadillac. I thank this cadi everyday for showing me the way.
I have nothing but problems out of this car,since the beginning its had over $4,000 dollars of minor repairs put into it.The engine has a bad idle that no one can figure out,it's had four water pumps because no one knew they had to have a special tool to instal the pump,torgue converter went bad,had the entire front end fixed(some parts had to be done twice),new bypass struts cost $1,100 a piece.4.9 engine is junk,if you see a 91 eldorado pass it up,it's not worth the time or money.They always say you have to have Cadillac money to own a Cadillac now i know what they meant.
I purchased this car not to long back, and i was suprised at all the options that it had for an 89' and how well it handles in all types of weather. It has a nice motor under the hood that has prooved to be reliable thus so far...
Although not as much a standout in the status area as it was lets say 25+ years ago, before BMW really caught on and Lexus and Acura hit the seen back in the late 80’s, Cadillac still has a faithful following, mostly with the 50-70 age group.Still, there’s just something about a Caddy. In my mind Cadillac has never translated into performance or 4 wheeling, although they were a force on the racing circuit back in the stone age, and they now have a  re-badged Chevy Yukon, oops, I mean Escalade. Cadillac is about being able to cruise across country, (in a straight line), in all the lavish comfort of a well appointed living room, sans TV., oops they have that now too. Cadillac, believe it or not was and probably still is a technological innovator.First electric starter. First use of air bags back in the early-mid 70’s. First wide scale use of front-wheel drive back in the mid 60’s. First use of fiber optics in the 80’s. Had the high mounted brake light on Eldorado more than 15 years before it was mandated back in 1986..... These are just a few things I recall, there’s a lot of stuff there.Sorry, I was wandering.
This is the worst Car i have ever owned..  The HT4100 Engine is a total Junk..  That never ran good and quit running at 80k.. the Black Box which runs everything  went bad three times.. 2K New $800.00 Used  The Transmission went bad at 60k  had over heating problems from day one.. i bought the car with 20k Miles  and the reason i bought a cadillac was to have a dependiable car !!!
Have had this car for over a year now. It is my third Cadillac. I love the car except it stalls. I can be driving down the interstate or on an on/off ramp and it just goes dead. I have taken it to the Cadillac dealer and after 6 or more hours they can only tell me that the engine shows that it stalled. They want to keep it days to diagnose however, it doesn't stall every day. It cranks back up in neutral easily but steering it on a curve is hard for an average woman as myself. My parents have had a Cadillac since the 1950's and have always had a good experience with them but, this one is a mystery.
I LOVE this CAR! It was purchased at 13,000 miles from a dealer and had one-owner (little old lady). Car is like brand new. I recommend to all Eldo owners to find their own reputable mechanic whom they trust to fix it. I have one who babied my Cadillac Sedan Deville whom I since gave to my husband with over 100,000 miles and not too much expense which was purchased w/39K miles.
I recomend this vehicle on the strength of style, an ride comfort for the people who want a personal luxury vehicle. I don't know where these people say that this vehicle has high wind noise, I don't hear it.
You either love it or hate it. I love it despite the noisyness on the highway. I look forward to my commutes to the office surrounded in luxury, leather, wood, and by a sound system rivaling any home system. The rocket Northstar engine will get you where you want to go in a hurry. A sunroof isan excellent option if you do not want to pay for the $75,000custom convertible. I paid $29,500 in 12/99 for a 1998 Eldowith all the options including upgraded stereo, leather, heated seats, sunroof with imitation convertible roof, luggage rack and s/s rocker panels. Fun car! Best for one whoenjoys luxury, stereos, and speed in a package sized best fora couple with the occassional two passngers. Sporty enough toplease the younger buyer, luxurious to please anyone.
Definately recomend this car to anyone I know. I picked it up for 29,100$ with 28000 miles on it. I saw stickers as highas 36,000$ for a 19000 mile version. The paint is un-real. Ihave the Crimson Pearl, which has gold and maroon flec. Tobe honest the Green looks like crap next to the Crimson.
MY EXPERIENCE WAS THUS FAR GREAT WHAT I HAD PURCHASED FOR $400.00I HAD PUT $3,000.00 INTO AND THE CAR IS LIKE NEW AS IF IT ROLLED OUTOF THE FACTORY
Had this car custom built with what I wanted on it in Mich. Car has no mech. problems to this day. 2nd cars have come and gone and this beauty with power keeps going. No wonder Cadilac lost the public when they made them CHEAP(with expensive pric tag) AND UGLY.
I almost got Busted in this piece of junk.  These cars take less than 5 seconds to lift.  As a public service, if you want to keep your car, dont buy an Eldorado.  These are the worlds easiest Boosts.
Excellent automobile with all the bells and whistles.  Knockout styling that is ageless (why the've stuck with it?).  This is a heavy car that performs like a lightweight.  With the design and performance of the Northstar engine, I liken it to a Corvette with a backseat.
I've enjoyed this car from day 1.  I purchased it with 19K miles and have had no major problems.  
This is a very fine automobile. Floats down the road; fast, too! I cannot find the word, 'Cadillac' anywhere on the outside of the car which is strange. It just has the insignia on the back and Northstar in small letters. It does Not vibrate at 60 mph; rides great. This came with the Symmetry tires. It's about as perfect a car as I could hope to own.
I thought this would be the car of my dreams, but instead has become my worst nightmare. purchased with only 5000 mi. on it, and impressed with the look of the car  I found out after driving it, beauty is only skin deep. This car does nothing but vibrate, especially between 60   and 70 mph. It's like driving a jack hammer!  After being told that the probem is caused by the Goodyear tires, they were replaced with Michelins. Unfortunatley, Cadillac is wasting alot of good tires because the ride has not improved at all. Many other owners are having the same problem as stated by the service manager I have been dealing with. The car is now having new control arms installed which is the next step in fixing this vibration. This is according to the technical bulletin that was put out by GM. The technical bulletin also states that this fix will only dampen the vibration, not really stop it completely. I haven't told them about the heater cutting out, or the front end 'knocking sound' when taking turns. One problem at a time. I gave up a 1995 Lincoln Continental with 80,000 mi. that drove like a dream. I sincerely hope this review opens the eyes of future buyers to stay away! Don't let the beauty and gadgets of this car woo you, like they did me. Cadillac has a very serious problem that your sevice dept. won't be able to fix.
This car has been the absolute worst car I have ever owned. Nothing but problems from day 1. It has terrible vibration at 60-70 mph (Cadillac dealer said there is nothing they can do to correct this. Its a design flaw) Electrical problems, suspension problems. The car is great as long as you just look at it and don't drive it. Wish I could just give it back.
If I could turn this car back into the dealer and get my money back, there would be no hesitation.
I had a 98 Deville before, I trade for a Seville SLS 2002 very nice car to handle to park it turn on dime
This car has no peer.Build quality is on par with any car, built anywhere, anytime.Why pay more for less from Lexus, BMW or Mercedes?
$54,000Power- 300hp 32 valve 4.6L Northstar. The most technologically advanced engine available in the US. Luxury- Everything you touch is either wood or leather. Heated front and rear seats. Seats are nuance leather. Settings for seats, headrest, temp, radio, steering wheel tilt and telescopic steering wheel feature are set by driver's individual coded key.Styling-All new for 2000. Chrome 16's optional on STS and SLS, though I do wish they would put at least 17's on these cars. Sevilles are a little shorter this year, which improved the looks and helps with the sporty appeal of the Caddy.Safety-Very safe. Some say the safest vehicle on the road. Dual front and side air bags.Audio-Delco Bose killer sound system. 8 speaker system with 12' amplified subwoofer that will handle anything on any CD you play. This is not a car audio system, it is a concert hall. Tape, CD, and CD changer in console with controls for volume, track, fan, and temp on steering wheel.Handling-Stabilitrak 2.0 The only way to describe Stabilitrak is to compare it to driving with hot sticky tires on a huge piece of fly paper. Amazing. Enough said.This is the car for people who know about cars and can appreciate them as they should be. This car is the best in every department. If you enjoy cruising along quietly and comfortably, this car is for you. If you enjoy jamming to tunes while driving, this car is for you. If you enjoy leaving Mustang GT's in the dust with a four-door passsenger car while hearing a V-8 wind up to its shift point of 6,000, then this car is most definitely for you.Would recommend it to anyone.
This is my first Cad in about 15 years. Great ride, good power, interior is excellent. No vibrations,is smooth as glass at all speeds. gas mileage outstanding for a large car. I have no complaints regarding Cadillacs.
This POS has started rusting on all four doors. This is a three year old vehicle. General Motors accepts the fact that their flagship vehicle will rust at three years and will not cover the cost of repairs. The sad part is that even after the repairs we all know that rust is like a cancer and will come back in time. It is no wonder that these cars depreciate so quickly and that the offshore manufacturers are leaping ahead in market share.  I also have the vibration at 60-70mph which is well documented and General Motors seems to think we all will believe can be attributed to tire problems. Do yourself a favour and give any other luxury vehicle long consideration before purchasing any Cadillac.  See http://www.geocities.com/myrusty2000cadillacsts/ for more details
First time in a CADDY and loving it. Everything they say about a caddy is true the ride etc. The first 300hp front drive V8 I have ever driven it's superb. EVERY one always love to say the german do it better THAT IS FLASE. THOSE PEOPLE have not driven a CADILLAC. Cadillac has rained supreme for years with more to come just like the hot new CTS and EXTREMELY POPULAR ESCALADE. I can not wait until the new Cadillac Seville arrives. I will never buy another german car the parts take for ever to come and the cost of repair is a shame.Cadillac is the place to be with cutting edge design and performance can not be macthed !!!!!!!!!
Absolutely the worst vehicle I have ever owned! Car was delivered with missing trim and has spent more time in the lifts than in my garage. 5 occassions car was delivered for repair with NOTHING REPAIRED! Service techs. were thoughtful enough to leave their half eaten lunch in back seat. Hated the car enough whereas I wrote them a check and terminated the lease 8 months ahead of schedule ($6000)
Absolutely the worst vehicle I have ever owned! Car was delivered with missing trim and has spent more time in the lifts than in my garage. 5 occassions car was delivered for repair with NOTHING REPAIRED! Service techs. were thoughtful enough to leave their half eaten lunch in back seat. Hated the car enough whereas I wrote them a check and terminated the lease 8 months ahead of schedule ($6000)
For the money Cadillac sure does pack alot of features, but build quality is a problem. Hopefully their next generation cars, starting with the CTS, have better build quality. All in all you get more than your moneys worth. I have, this is my third cadillac and lovin it.
I like my Catera but not enough to shell out the $20,000 to buy out my lease.  Now I am looking for a Seville or Aurora to replace it.  I am 5'9' and can't straighten my leg while I drive which is very uncomfortable on long trip.  
I love this car for starters. It is very fast well refined, decent on gas considering its almost 4000lb. weight and its quite comfortable on long and short trips. It is an eye catcher, very reliable and fun to drive.
I have had both a 95 and this 99 Seville. Both cars have been worth every dime I spent on them. Ride is good, handling is excellent. '95 had much more acceleration at spped than does the 99 but what can ou do. At high speeds both of the cars stick to the road very well and steering cornering are excellent. Used to drive the '95 @ 110 to 120 mph (Montana)and I do not think you could ask for better handling. It seems that the faster you go the better they handle. Never really had any problems with either car. You do have to keep an eye on the dipstick as they do burn some oil. Just a characteristic fo the engine (no big deal, right?). Car is comfortable, fairly roomy trunk (gotta have room for the clubs, right?). Nice sound system. Only thing that bugs me is that after I have gone thru the car wash the windows come up wet when lowered and raised. Maybe this is true on any car, don't know.  Occasionally (three or four times) I have gotten error code 303 which, after a few hours, seems to vanish. (Aliens?).    Maybe the FBI is tracking my car...LOL!    Front wheel drive is must MUST where I live, Minnesota. Caddy's is great, as is the traction control and the stabilization features. I only wish the thing would shovel the drive way!! Hey Cadillac, here's an idea for you! : )    Would not hesitate to buy another one.
We bought the SLS because it was very quiet, and that's what we were primarily looking for.  We found nothing in the price range of the SLS that was anywhere near as quiet.  The LS400 may be quieter, but it is also $15k more expensive.  I just wish Cadillac would do something about their quality control at the factory and/or the dealerships.
I like the technology founfd in the seville but the car is to high priced for being not reliable and having cheap materials. I only reccommend this car if you want a good car with lots of problems.
Been to the dealer 4 times (scheduled grease, oil and filter maintenance). Not one lick of repair performed in 20 months. Car is extremely tight and quiet (as expected). Dealership is exceptionally clean and accomodating. Thus far, the best car I have ever owned.
Overall I have been very satisfied with this car. It has been very reliable fuel economy has been satisfactory and it is very comfortable to drive. Probably would not buy another until a model change but thats just me. Some improvemnets could be made in choice of materials and final fit of both interior and body parts.
i would not recommend to any one, a product is only as good as the people selling it.
I will never ever buy any of Cadillac cars, as GM doesn't take care of their customers at all (see bellow). Total waste of money ($18.000 + waranty + tax).
The Seville is a nice car but has some problems in workmanship. Parts don't match well and they rattle. Ergonimics aren't very good. The clock is not viewable in daylight and the sungalss holder is hidden in the glovebox. I ownes a Continental before and bought the Caddy for something different. I miss the Conti. The Caddy rides nice and the engine is strong. Watch out because they drink oil. There is a TSB from Caddy that states that they consume a quart every 2000 miles. Handles well for a large car and the seats are comfortable.
Overall a very good car that is overpriced and lacking in dealership support to make it a real luxury or enjoyable experience. The design and build quality appear to be very good ( at least the first 22K miles), but the residual value leads me to believe no one else does. Let me put it another way, this is probably the best 35K car you can buy new. It just happens to cost much more and you are always left with the question, why did I do that?
I had a 1995 Continental and purchased the Seville as a re[placement because the Conti hadn't changed.  The Seville is a nice car and handle mor European like then the Conti.  Teh Seville seating is more supportive and less fatiguing on long trips.  Teh fit and finish on the Conti is far ahead of the Seville.  Teh ergonomics fo teh Conti is also superior.  Example: the Conti has a sunglass holder in teh ceiling, Seville has one in teh glove compartment tow doors openings away.  The Seville has no change holders. You can't see the clock on teh radio in daylight. There's more but I will stop here.    Teh Seville has about the same amount of power.  Teh Conti has a selectale ride control but I prefer the Seville's taught ride.  The Conti steering is selectable and doesn't suffer from the magnasteer jitters.    Bose is not a good sound system. Good on paper.  The base, treble, and midrange controls have little effect.  The sub-woofer only comes into play if you blast the volume up. Teh JBL system in the Conti was much nicer sounding at normal levels.    Squeaks and rattles all over the Seville.  Also electrical gremlins.  Bells that suddenly go off, noises from the electircla system, air conditional compressor that screams everytime the clutch engages.    The Conti was also substantially quieter inside then the Seville.  No comparison.  The sunroof closed in the Seville is like an open window for noise. The Conti sunroof was dead quiet.  No noise came through.    I wish teh quality was betterin teh Seville.  I regret my purchase and wished I purchased a car with higher quality.     Teh dealership support is nothing to write home about Linclon's isn't much better.
I truely love my cadillac!! I traded my old seville in on a new 2001 Monte Carlo ss-loaded with more options than my 92 seville. Barely a year later traded it in (took the loss) on my 98 seville. Once you drive a cadillac...nothing else compares! I'll never drive anything but one of these luxury cars!!!! Simply the best!
I bought this car because I loved cadillacs and thought i was getting a 'smokein deal' Liberty motors in billings montana is very shady dont ever buy a car from them!!!
drove car two years minor problems. then abs brake system started going off by it self.very noisy and annoying.had it to three g.m. garages and was without car for over a month.nobody can fix the problem.i'm stuck paying for a $40000 car that nobody can fix.how can cadillac sell a $40000 car and not be able to fix it?
So far no problems (only 40K miles on car).Quite a good car - perhaps not world class.Good value for the money - but an extended warranty is advised.
Have had this car since '00. Had to replace the rear ABS harness ($1200), both trunk taillights ($520), main computer ($1500). Now the upper gear has left me creating a serios gas guzzler. This car has cost me more in 3 years than my 94 Concorde in 10 years. Eats oil at a rate of 1 quart every 730 miles. At a 5000 mile oil change (highway driving only) the resevoir is empty. Synthetic disappears as fast as standard grade oil. It will be my last Cadillac because I refuse to pay the garage visits on a monthly basis. Now I'm looking to wash my hands of this nightmare and find a place to lick my wounds. Pitiful for the American standard. Time to look at a Hyundai, OOOOCH!
Recommend for roomy power & luxury with sporty handling.  No major reliability problems to date (fingers crossed).  Depreciation scares me though
Power steering developed 'morning sickness' at 80,000 miles which (10,000 miles after expiration of certified warranty- $1000 to repair.  Dealer who repaired said they had repaired other Sevilles with same problem...Computer control module failed under warrranty.Burns 1 quart of oil every 3000 miles.Body style is probably not for anyone less than 40 years old.Strut repair is 3-4 times the cost of standard shocks.
I'll not buy another one.  I will go back to cars from the sixty's.
Overall this car has been a pleasure to own. Its comfortable, fast and rides smoothly while still able to corner decently for a car that weighs what it does. But I'm selling it for one reason and one reason only. I finnaly learned how to drive stick. My weekend car is a Trans am 6 speed, and now that I am proficiant at manual, automatic drives me crazy. Which is why I'm either going to lease an S4 or buy a Suburu WRX. Depends on how much money i want to spend. Hopefully when the new seville comes out in a few years Caddy will get their heads out of their you know whats and offers a northstar with a 6 speed. THEN you will see me come back to Caddy. Until then I'm only looking at cars that have a manual trans. :) 
Cadillac has done nothing to fix their quality problems on my car at all, i believe that they are only dedicated to making money of these cars and saving costs by using low quality parts. I had a 1993 Lincoln Towncar and the front suspension had problems at 120k because i drove very hard and my dealer couldnt fix it so i called lincoln headquarters and they immediatly took care of the problem. Ive made calls to gm and gotten nothing out of it. I will never buy from Cadillac because their quality and reliability seem to be on par with kia( which is the worst manufacturer). I will go to other luxury makes such as Lincoln and BMW for reliable cars. Currently i own this seville and my 19 year old son has a 1996 Lincoln Continental which he drives very hard and that car has had no problem despite 2 years of bad treatment to the car.
Bought used in 1998, $28k, 39k milespreferred it to the 1995 BMW because interior was FAR superior.  Engine response much better than all but possibly the BMW 540.  This car has incredible acceleration even at 70 mph.  Need to check your speed soon after stepping on it.  Very quiet ride, stiff suspension handles curves well, watch the torque steer, once you are used to it, not a problem.  What do you expect with front wheel drive.  Find this car used, off lease, under $30k, and you will not find a comparable new car for the same money.  BMW 540, redisigned model 1996.5 or newer cant compete on price and I do not think you would be giving up too much with the STS.  I love leaving those snot noses in the dust, they dont know what hit them seeing such a large car scoot.  
Overall this has been a great car.  The new car feeling hasn't gone away and I find myself still looking for excuses to take a drive around town.  I would certainly recommend this car.  However, Cadillac redesigned the Seville in 1998 and I would suggest that a used car buyer go for this latest generation instead (1998 - current).  From all of the reviews I have read it seems that the Seville has just been getting progressively better and better.
Overall incredible value. I purchased the car with 15,000 miles on it from a private party. Has almost all the options.
I had been shopping for a used STS for a while. I found that the quality varies greatly depending on the way the car was originally built, as well as how the owner treated the vehicle. Very important to drive the car both fast and slow, and hit some curves.   My car is still surprising me with how fun it is to drive. It drives beautifully at slow cruising speeds[under 50m.p.h]. Launch it, and hold on! The beauty of this car is that the faster you go, the steering, suspension and brakes wake up and make the car feel like it is being held to the road. At slow speeds, it feels like a large car. At quick accelaeration, it feels quick and nimble. Nice job! I have owned many toys;SHO, Lightning, MR2 turbo, Corvette...this car is the best of all worlds. And I get about 18-20 mpg. Just put the factory Goodyear Eagle R-AS's on the front, and left the Eagle GA's on the rear[still have 6 mo. tread]. Will see soon how the car handles in winter driving in Connecticut. Problems have been minor except for the AC compressor, which the dealer replaced for a rebuilt and gave me a lifetime warranty on it at their cost!......Love it
i bought my car and it had no troubles and everything worked but the drivers side heated seat. however just the other day i drove my car into town and it ran smooth and strong. i then went to my friends house for a while and when i went to leave, my car would not start at all yet everything else got power like the lights and the seats. i would not even get a click from the starter. i checked the onboard information display, thinking for some reason i didn't have enough juice to start the car but it had plenty of juice. if anybody reads this and has an aswer why my car did this please e-mail me at fordfan891978@yahoo.com (i had this address before i got my caddy).
nice riding car,not as nice as the deville but very capible
If you can afford a brand new one, why not. But save yourself a headache and sell before you hit 36000 miles. If you are thinking about buying used take some mechaincs courses and get a job at Cadillac. Maybe one day America will make a good luxury car. They take thier styling from japanese and german cars, they should try imitating thier quality parts. 
this car is the finest car I every owned
Reliable car. Only problems were a defective l/h strut assy wich was replaced under warranty. Initial assembly of the interior drivers door panel was left up to me as the guys in the factory must have been to busy with other thing.  No problems since then. Owned since new.
I purchased mine used and for $19,000 I've had a great driver for over 80,000 miles. Only normal repairs have been required, the LED brake light, and transmission solenoids the only exceptions. I believe the traction control & antilock brakes have saved me from disaster on several occasions. There is a sinking feeling whenever I rent a different car, the Seville is my standard!
I strongly recommed this car to anyone looking for used luxury, (depreciate too much new), for over 2 years (I got it used in 98) no problems at all, only needed routine maintanence, enjoy everytime I drive this car, 6 years old and has lots of power,excellent handling , not as bad on gas as would've imagined for that size and weight, well maintained can run for very long time, this was my first cadillac experience and I think I'm sticking to that brand in the future
  Overall I love this car.  I had purchased it with 46K now have 80K  I did have to replace A/C compressor last summer.  For the amount of performance, style and function of 4-door vehicle I feel it is a great buy.  I have had problem with Service engine soon light, was told 039 error code, torque convertor clutch.  Had 2 AAmco transmission shops check it & found nothing.  Took to Goodyear and manager called GM and was told a special Friction Additive could be tryed first before expensive replacement of torque convertor.  That semed to help for a while but now light is back on.  I test drove several other vehicles and cringe thinking of owning anything else.  Nothing so far compares.  I may just get a newer model. I love the power & control. I guess I'am spoiled after owning this vehicle.  Every model has it's quirks.  I would recommend this vehicle.    
After all that the car is great I could not get anything better for what I paid. This is the car for me and maybe for you. I see twenty to fifty year olds for this car. Go to your local cadillac dealer for more information.
This is absolutely the worst luxury car on the market, If i were you i would never buy one unless you have lot's of cash and like taking you're car to the shop everyday. Other than that i absolutely don't recommend this car at all. GM has transformed Cadillac from a luxury make to a souped up chevy with a V8 and larger trunk. While managing to get away with using the cheapest parts you can possibly find on $40-50K dollar cars. Now that's unexcusable!.
Overall: Average  Driveability: Above average  Acceleration: Excellent  Transmission: Average to above average  Handling/Manueverability: Above average  Roadholding: Average  Braking: Average  Ride: Average to above average  Noise (Lack of): Average  Interior/Comfort: Above average  Fuel Economy: Below average  Styling (Subjective): Above average to ex.
High-mileage 1993 STS, with the Northstar V8. Great handling even for the age of the vehicle--still gets good pickup and the engine sounds great when you accelerate. This car can MOVE! I have it in a sparkly plum color with a grey interior. If I drive 'nice' I can get 27-28MPG highway, which is FANTASTIC for the size of the vehicle and its gigantic engine. This car has needed some maintenance a few times over the past few years, but overall I've been happy. It's got about 130,000 miles on it, and it's itching for more.
Overall the Seville is a good car however the parts are very expensive to replace if you can find any at all. Need to replace a side mirror? That will cost you 280+. Computer goes out? Give it up!  I have always liked this car from afar but actually owning one is a whole new ballgame. Sure it's got a great ride and is still stylish today even if it's an 11 year old car but, when you have 2, count em', 2 different Cadillac DEALERS who dont know what the Service Ride Control warning light means, then it's a bad thing. My heat recently went haywire on a very cold day. (One side blows cold one side blows hot) One dealer tells me its the actuator that regulates the heat disbursement in the car......hmmm, I thought the actuator controls the engine idle speed..wouldnt my problem be the heater control valve?..Sorry, in short the Cad Seville is a great car if you can find an honest repair shop and can afford to get repairs.
A great looking and riding car. Smooth ride, no vibration at any speed. No rattles, wind noise or power surges. Fit and finish is on par with any Lexus or BMW.
I looked long and hard for a Seville that had few miles but was not new.  I bought a 92 in 95 with 11K miles and now have 62K problem free miles.  I still think it's a good ride and good performer.  I will wait a few more years and look for a used DTS.  I will probably put another 50K on this car if my luck holds out.  It looks great still!  I baby it and have no real complaints.
I bought this 'pre-owned' car in 1993 from an excellent Cadillac dealership with about 38000 miles on it.  I have been driving it ever since.  It now has 184000 miles on it and is still going strong.  Of course, it has had some things go wrong, but what car hasn't??  
this is my second sls. my first, a 97 was  a great car. this 01 model is better in   every way. even though it's only 6' shorter, it seems more like a foot. the best thing about it is this great motor.  americans know how to biuld a great V8. it's a lot easier to see out of than the 97. the side mirrors are way better and the doors seem lower. i get about 20 mpg in the city on regular. it's very easy to drive. if you wasted your money on an  import i feel sorry for you. better luck next time.
I am tinking of ways I can get rid of this car without losing my shirt. This is my third Cadillac,with a BMW inbetween numbers 2 and 3. What happened to my STS? It rides like a 52 pick up and vibrates like no other car I've ever owned (21 of them)
The car is basically perfect. 
Drive all the cars in it's class and you'll decide for yourself. 
I would recommend this car because it is such a great car for all purposes. It is comfortable and has heating on every seat to make every person conforatable in the car. The music get's played very well in the car and is easy to get to from the wheel. This car is also very safe, if i  were to get into an accident, the airbags would come out not only in front of me, but on the back, so that i don't care paralized from whip lash and side airbags if i were to get hit on the side. Also, the safety belt is a great help and is made to lock you in very tight.If you are looking for a sedan and want a safe, nice car, it is great to get this car. 
I have had this car for 6 months, I am very happy with it. I have had some minor problems but generally a fine car. I have arms like Popeye from lifting the hood.
In the last year I have had the privlidge of owning a Cadillac.  Im blown away at the style and gestures, of the lines in the body.  Comfort, Stile, Love, Sex, Class, and the good ole American way.  You cant beat a Cadillac.  I was also impressed by all of the little features sush as high beam sencors, (I dont have to touch the high beam leaver, it sees another car comming and dims the lights itself) For a 1966 thats pretty impressive, along with the power windows, power seats, climate controle, power sterring etc.
I took this monstrous device for a test ride last weekend.  My local dealer has a special deal on at the moment... buy this model and he'll make Al Gore  president... but I guess I wouldn't count on that.Within 5 minutes of driving, I got it out of the car lot, looked down & noticed much to my horror that I was wearing a Hawian Shirt, Polyester Shorts, sandals, and what felt suspiciously like a pair of Depends.... I had gone in to the lot in jeans & a T-shirt....  my teeth had fallen out, I was wearing a hat... & smoking a pipe... Sixteen people were blowing their horns at me...  I left this huge ugly brute at the side of the road & mailed the keys back pronto....Unless you're an old fart and, or, stupid... I'd give this a miss... a real wide miss....
This car is AWESOME. It feels better than bmw525i.   design: 4/5  comfort: 5/5  price: 5/5  performance: 4/5  total : 4.5/5  one of the best Hyundai Cars i have ever seen.  
great car have had it for 22 months and nothing wrong yet...I hear they never break down. engine screams and rides nice but would have liked a little less window noise for 27k. Have had 5 adults in car and everone is comfortable
The Infinity I35 2002 is a very good car.I can only compare it to my 2003 Honda Accord V6 EX.The Infinity has a jittery ride,it does not absorb the road very well.It is not dead quite in the car.The sunroof began to open as you drove for no reason.It was fixed with a replacement switch by the dealer.When you turn very sharp,the front tires hit the body or something hard.It is a comfortable automobile and my wife enjoys it very much.When you compare it to the Honda V6,the honda is much more quite,has a much better absorbing bumb suspension,and a much better radio.The Honda is very tight in the front seats.I am 5ft8inches tall,average weight.There is very very little extra room especially to move your legs while driving.
Great car. A nice combination of performance and luxury.    The dealership service has been fair. While normal service is competently done, they have twice damaged dash trim parts during service so that I had to make return trips for the repair. Regardless that the repair was done at no cost, it's an inconvenience.
Infiniti did a great job with this car. The engine is flawless, interior and exterior styling is good. Bose audio system is good, except for some rattling from the subwoofer grille. The seats are comfortable, even for 5+ hour trips. This car is a great bargain!!
I’ve had this car for about 2 months and I’m very disappointed with the front seats. The front seats look good, but they are not ergonomically correct. There is not enough support in the lower thigh, and there is no adjustment to extend the length of the seat. Don’t be fooled by their good appearance and try them out on the road for a longer period of time. Even with the lumbar support, there is not enough support in the lower back, which result in back pain, discomfort and frustration. I’m only 5’ 10”, but when I adjust the seat for the proper arm distance from the steering wheel, my right knee is uncomfortably pressing the center console or even worse the sharp edge of the key in the ignition. My knee can not freely move from side to side without hitting the bottom of the steering column. Each time I drive this car I try to change the adjustments to make the seat more comfortable, but so far I’ve been unsuccessful.    I did take this car for a test drive when I was buying it, but it was only for a short distance. This was not enough to detect the major flaws in the seat design.     By selecting this car, I assumed that the seats would be as comfortable as in my previous vehicles. But, oh how mistaken I was! My commute to work is only about half an hour, but after a few minutes of driving I can’t wait to get out of this car because of discomfort. I’m seriously thinking about trading this car in for another car.     Remember that no matter how smooth the engine is if the seats are not comfortable you will not be satisfied with a car.
I would highly recommend this car it is very reliable. You get the red carpet treatment at routine maintenance stops. Its cheaper to operate than any of the more expensive luxury cars.
When we went out looking for a new car, we had full intentions of getting the Acura TL. However, we decided on test driving the comparable model Infinit and Lexus. Well, after we drove the Infiniti i30, our minds were made up. It is a beautiful car with a lot of power.
i had this car for less than 2 years (i picked it up at the dealer in december 2000). now, with 23,770 miles on it, the 'service engine soon' flashed on, an indication of emission control malfunction. i have to bring this to the dealer a few days from now. maybe i 'll have to drive a few times to see if it will go off. although i have a good faith with this car, still i think it could have been better.   just last year i had to install a sound deadener to quiet the car, because the tires are too noisy during highway driving. bumps and road irrregularities are also highly noticeable and the car rolls, pitch and sways noticeably. also the gas mileage is not so good, i only get 20 miles per gallon average altough i'm driving mostly in the highway. the engine have to work hard during sudden acceleration, and i noticed quite a few times that the car tends to be jerky or jumpy when flooring the accelerator from a stop. another problem with this car is the climate control. after turning the ignition off, you have to make sure that next time you drive around, you have to press the re-circulate button, or you will always get outside air in when using the air conditioner. the old nissan 240 has buttons that stay depressed even after ignition is switched off. another thing that needs to be corrected is the front windshield that tends to cloud and streak with moisture that's hard to defrost or defog no matter how much wiper washer you have to use during cold morning starts. very difficult indeed when driving directly in front of the morning sun.  lastly, the vehicle's paint finish easily rubs off, scratched or get stained. i don't know if the new i-35 already has that problem taken cared of.
Excellent value. Exceptionally well appointed car for the price. Smooth, powerful engine. Solid, reliable comfortable.
Overall a very good car for the money. However, I have had a vibration problem since the day I bought it 20 months ago. Nissan/Infiniti has stated that this is a 'characteristic' of the vehicle. I consider it a lemon. I've been told by customer service and 2 service managers that this is normal even though they have attempted 9 repairs to fix the problem. Avoid this vehicle unless you are not bothered by a vibration.
Like the style and the driving
The I30 has been a good car. Bought in 2005 with 92k miles. Replaced variable speed sensor, alternator, struts, belts. Now has 138k miles. O2 sensors need replacing and rotors have warped. Suspension has always been tight resulting in a moderately rough ride (uses H, V or Z class tires). Somewhat louder road noise and less reliability than the 95 Lexus es300 I had before. Owner's manual offers 'how to' instructions on routine maintenance items which I thought to be odd. Oil changes are a breeze. I use synthetic oil and K&N oil/air filters. Noticed that the car has a significant of low - mid range torque - this equates to faster tire wear for obvious reasons. The I30, however it lacks on high end torque. There is very little difference between the I30 and Nissan Maxima (only the interior) Wish I had shopped further to purchase the I35 or purchased one of the 95/97 Lexus es300's I was looking at.
I've owned 11 cars throughout my life, and this one is hands down my favorite. Fun to drive when I'm feeling spunky yet extremely comfy on long hauls. Well appointed and more bells and whistles than a Lexus 300..and sooo much more reliable than a BMW, Benz, SAAB, Volvo..well you get the picture. I love the engine. absolutely no problems so far and given that the Philippines has the roughest roads in the world (dont argue it, it's true) this car should be near death..it still feels and runs like new.
I bought this car for my wife so she cold have some luxurt at a good price. The car overall is great. Compared to my 2002 Lexus ES300, there are more bells and whistles in her car than mine. :) The problem we've had is with the infiniti dealership of Alexandria,VA. There was a problem with the vehicle in which it would cut off while driving on the highway. My wife and I both drove the car and was almost rear ended a number of times. I took it to the dealership who said they didn't find anything wrong. I went and picked up the car and it cut off again when I left. I was able to get the car back to the dealership and and after having it for two weeks, and $1700 in repairs, the problem returned months later while my wife was driving with our new baby in the car. Needless to say, i was pissed. We were able to get the vehicle to a maintenance shop with a local mechanic. He was able to find the problem overnight. One of the oxygen sensors had never been changed and it was rusting. This was causing the fuel to be cut from the engine while in motion. He said that there is no way if a dealer mechanic looked at this car, how could they miss this problem. anyway, not t blab on, the car is great. The dealership sux.
The cars 227 horses really get up and go when you need it to.  Solid, smooth ride (touring model was way too stiff for me) sound system is great, cupholders sink especially when you adjust the arm rest, parking break placement jabs me in the leg
You can't go wrong with this vehicle.
The car is an excellent value. I had think about the I35. Hey, the price of this car right now is too good to pass by. And I also own a Acura TL Type S. I didn't need another car with 260 HP. And I bet the I35 is going to sell for MSRP when it comes out. Overall, excellent value.
I was moderately happy with my Acura TL. However, I felt that, for the price ($29K, with no area dealer who would budge below MSRP), the car should not rattle when driven over smooth pavement. The dealer was unable to resolve this problem. I also felt that the overall build quality could have been better.I evaluated the I30t, looking for a car in a similar market space (entry level luxury, most features/amenities provided on standard model instead of long list of options (BMW 3xx, Lexus ES300, etc.)) from a manufacturer that had a good reputation for build quality and service.The I30t met all of those criteria, and Infiniti dealers are willing to negotiate price.The I30 lacks the sport-shifter of the TL and competing models, but that doesn't bother me - I rarely used the feature, since the engine is so quiet, I found myself winding up the engine too much.I've read some reviews indicating a harsh ride in the Touring model - I've not had that experience. Steering is crisp, and the driver feels the road enough to respond to changing conditions.If you're looking for something sportier, go with the TL, BMW 3-series, or A4. If you want a responsive car with a lot of room, and good list of amenities, for a good price, the I30 is a great choice.
 This is a great car, I love everything about it. Bought through autobytel.com for 30,300.00 w/ nav. and guards. Good deal, I think. This car has plenty of power for a family sedan, I drive mountain passes every day.   
Nissan has a winner here.  I recommend it without hesitation– it is priced right and has nearly all the options included in the base price.  Clearly the best value in its class.  It is unsurpassed  in reliability and if Nissan makes improvements and keeps the price as competitive as it is, this will prove to be a successful line for them. 
We truly love this car. The original color combination we wanted wasn't available so we placed the order and waited a short while for it to be shipped from overseas. Some reviews complained about the 'harsh ride' of the Touring model, but we don't have any complaints. With the new Q45 coming out next month, I think Infiniti will be poised to take Lexus head-on.
I explained the difficulties I have had to the general manager of the dealership, and he openly mocked me.  He said 'I've listened to your sad little story.  Now what do you want me to do, grovel for you?'  Add a mocking tone to that line, and you'll understand.  He also told me to sell my car (2 months old) and go back to Honda.  He instructed me to never purchase an Infiniti again.I called Consumer Affairs at Nissan headquarters, and they were sympathetic when I explained everything to them.  They were very apologetic, and they promised to forward my complaint to the dealership, the people that berated me for being a customer.Bottom line: no matter how much you like the test drive, you should not do business with this company.  Unless you enjoy being screwed out of your hard-earned money.
This is a mee too, entry in the market by Infiniti which was taken out of the oven half baked. Does not compare in handling/ride to my older J-30. It is though roomy inside and has nice ergonomics. Sound system is fine, the sub-woofer is the weak link though as the lows are not tight enough. Not enough power from standstill ( where are those 227 ponies hiding? ) , though it has nice passing power on the freeway. Surprisingly noisy at any speed. Compared to it the LS400 or even a XLE camry are whisper quiet. Dealer service is excellent though and I have been treated very nicely. For the same price I will definitely go for the Acura TL ( This is my company car, so I did not pay for it ) though the Acura cannot match the infiniti in the looks department. Climate control works accurately and the seating position is OK. The powered window shade for the rear is a definite plus. Overall I think it is an average car in a very competitive market segment. 
excellent dealership. you will be treated well and a good deal should be waiting for you. this is one good car that i'm sure will last for years to come. excellent value for your money. highly recommended to people looking for a new luxury sedan that will haul one family comfortably.
I would absolutely recommend this car.  I have not found any short-comings.  The car is mechanically exciting with a splash of luxury that is hard to find elsewhere.
Overall, it's ok for the money. Hope Nissan improves this model in the next years to come.
GREAT CAR FOR PEOPLE WITH NO DESIRE FOR 'OFFENCIVE' DRIVING. EXCELLENT RELIABILITY PREDICTION. 
I bought one with 3000 miles on it. and got 3 grand off of price of new.(could have got $1500 of a new one, but probably not as much as $2000.
This is my second I30, previously leased 97 I30T,and 94 J30t.  Very pleased with my new I30, from its stylish looks, to all of the extra features that are not found on more expensive cars.  This car has a very smooth ride the reminds me of the J30T I had several years ago. I do not plan on driving anything other that the I30, unless they bring back the J30 Model. Great Automobile!!
I think I can sufficiently sum up my feelings about my new I30 in just a few choice words:  I'll never buy another brand again...I'm now an Infiniti 'family member', and I intend to stay in the family for life!
The guy below does not know what the hell he is talking about. The I30T is an exceptional automobile that provides a beautiful , powerful, comfortable ride and an outstanding value.  The have great representation at the dealerships as well , right on par with Lexus representatives.  In the future , I would like to see the addition of varible valve timing like that found on Acuras and Lexus. If you think the engine is stong now, imagine how strong it will be with VVTI.  Once nissan/infinity do this The car will be an absolutely perfect powerhouse , thicker glass would be nice as well.  
I feel that the price I paid was a fair price. I would totally recommend it. 
Would recommend this car to anyone.  Would not recommend the touring model unless a stiffer ride doesn't bother you.  Older models are nice as well, and would have bought one of those, but the wife likes the 2000 model, and she deserves the best!!paid around $31,000.  got $28,000 for my '96 Land Cruiser, book valued at much much higher.  But that's this dealership.  Oh well, we love the car, and that's what counts.
27,800 although the sticker was 29,500 and I was happy to pay it. I would totally recommend it to anyone who intends to keep a great car.
I  have the I30 2000 luxury;list $30,700 -paid $29,000.If you ask, they will sell you the car for 4.5% above invoice. You will not be able to find a similar equiped car for the money. All possible options are included and the only two options left off of the 'base' car are heated seats and traction control(which I added for $600).The ride and accelertion are wonderful. The V-6 is fantastic and has been a stable well mannered engine in the Nissan Maxima and I30 since 1995. The 2000 model boosts the HP from 190 to 227 by improving air flow of the engine.You will not find a better power plant in any other car in its class.Room inside is exceptional. Teenagers can sit in the back seats and have lots of leg room. When they sat in the Lexus GS300 they were cramped. Not so in the I30!! Fit and finish is tight and the car is so quite! NO wind noise and minimal sounds from the world outside. It handles very well and is predictable.So, if you are looking for an outstanding car for a bargain of a price, and don't like to be hit up for every single creature comfort, then this is the car for you!!! 
I am very pleased with this car.  It has more options than any of the other cars shown above.  It's a fun car to drive and handles well.  It is by far the roomiest of the cars listed above.  While it has a few more horsepower than the Acura, the Acura is actualy a little faster.Park these cars side by side and the I30T wins hands down in looks.  Also, if after purchase service is important to you the other dealers don't even come close.  The bumper to bumper warranty on this car is 4 years 60,000 miles.  The others again do not come close.  J D Powers again ranked this engine as being one of the 10 best built engines in the world.It's one great car!
The car is quiet good once you get used to it . Although it has some short comings , like not enough rear seat legroom , it makes up for it with good looks , an excellant engine and breathtaking performance . Tyres are a bit too small  , but doesn't have a bad grip on the road . The CD stacker comes in handy during long trips and seats are just fine . 
This car is unmatched in it's segment.  There are few weaknesses and so many strengths and it is the value leader among it's competitors.  The Acura listed for less, but the dealers will not discount them.  I ended up paying $31000 including all taxes and fees for a 2000 I30t with everything but the nav and the spoilers.  The only weakness is that the INFINITI brass thought it was better to save a few hundred rather than go all out with the interior.  Real wood and better materials in some places would have made this car untouchable! Overall the quality and reliability of Nissan's product is superb.  The name might not roll off the tounge like 'LEXUS', but with my money, I want more than just a name.  This is it!
Well, I got a steal of a deal on this 2000 w/ 22k miles.  I was looking at the Maxima but the price used was comparable and the Infiniti has a sweet warranty (4 years, 60k miles), I am not the normal Infiniti owner, I am a 23 year old college student, but this car has everything that makes it fun to drive and show off, and the price is not bad.  The bass from the Bose deck has caused interior trim to rattle, even at only 22,000 miles.  If you get this car and love technology, you'll probably be pushing that small button on the center console alot.  This is for the power rear sunshade.  Make some friends watch it go up and down and they'll be envious!  This is usually installed on Mercedes' that start at 70 grand.  Small touches like that are what makes this car so nice.  There are only a few minor gripes I have about this car.  I would recommend it to anyone!
If you can afford to spend 30,000 on a car there shouldn't be a questiuon to what you are going to buy. The power of a sports car the elegance of a luxury car all wrapped up in 1 !!!!!!
Good looking car with great sound system, but not an exceptional vehicle.  I have had many minor service problems that has caused several trips back to the Dealer.  There is only one Infiniti Dealer in Denver so if you have a problem with that dealer you have no recourse should you not like their service.  The Dealer has been good about fixing some items but has refused to acknowledge other problems.Thank goodness the dealer provides loaner cars because I have had to use loaners many times.
overall i have had a very fuin time with my car. it is luxourious and has a little bit of pep in it! it is sport, elegant, tasetful, and luxourious. i like it very much and although it is no sportscar compared to my ferrari's, vipers, lamborghini's, etc., i enjoy to drive this car. it is very comfortable, safe, and reliable. i love the 3.0 liter engine and the 230 horsepower, but its front wheel drive and a 4 speed auto trannie which is kinda slow and it doesnt feel like all of that power is gettin to the road. while on the interstat goin to work i laugh at other cars that try to keep up with me as the top end acceleration of this carf is very quick. still not no 911 turbo, but pretty quick for a $35,000 sport/luxury sedan. this car can do it all and i love it. seeing as i am an exotic car collector/enthusiast, that was all i have had. i recently found out that my wife was pregnant with twins, and i needed a new sedan that was sporty, and yet luxurious enough for my wife to drive. all i am saying is that if you want an awesome car with a great warranty, look no further thatn the infinity 130t.
I purchased this car because I could sit in it without tilting my head. Although I'm only 6'1, I can't sit in many cars--particularly those with moon-roofs. And the Infiniti dealer was more than willing to supply a car without a moon-roof.I tried to order a Lexus ES300 without a moon-roof--which yields 2 inches of head-room. No Lexus dealer would accept my offer. I know the economy is healthy, but what kind of company would turn down a $35,000 sale because of a moon roof.I found to my surprise that buying an Infiniti was much simpler than buying a Lexus. Infinitis come equipped with everything a purchaser would reasonably want sold for one price. Toyota uses the same sales policy for Lexus is does for Toyotas, i.e., many expected features are add-ons that have to be separately negotiated.After that long intro; the car is just what I expected. It is sound, powerful and responsive and also the most comfortable car I've owned.
This is by far the most comfortable, reliable, spacious, and responsive car I’ve ever owned. It is extremely comfortable, and unlike others reviewers, I have not encountered either a jerky transmission or rough rides.  The sound system is spectacular, there’s plenty of storage space, the dealership is courteous and efficient, and the design of the car is clean from end to end without cheap chrome or flashy decoration. In fifteen months of driving under often very hot conditions here in Phoenix , I have not found anything wrong with this car mechanically. 
It is a fantastic car, but my friends told me that the car is designed for old people(because of its luxury features).I really enjoy the sunroof,because I am a smoker......
What a fantastic car! Fit & finish, design, engineering and quality were high priorities for the creators of this car. The I30t's road manners are great. I feel very in-touch with what's going on, whether on the highway or in town.    Some seem to think the ride is harsh, but I disagree. It's tight, but compliant, and I have yet to encounter a situation where I thought the suspension was poorly tuned.    The VQ engine is a refined jewel. It's smooth and quiet, but can dish out the power when asked. It does like the gas, though, so don't expect economy car mileage figures. I'm getting about 22 (combined) mpg. That equates to 300 miles per tank. The kicker is that it demands premium fuel.    I think the exterior styling is pleasing. It's conservative, but contemporary, and has nice proportions. The Millenium Jade (dark green) on my car is truly breath-taking when freshly cleaned.    The Bose sound system is awesome! Many seem to have problems with the quality of the sound, but I think it's great. The volume can be taken to levels that shake all your mirrors, if you so desire, and I cannot detect any distortion even at those levels.    It has been a paradigm of reliability for the year I've owned it and I expect the trend to continue.    Overall, the perfect car for my needs.
Outstanding reliablity. Somewhat stiff ride. Could use improvement in the area of passenger compartment noise isolation. Changed the Toyo tires and that game some improvement to the noise and ride, but not much. Still not as quite as my wife's Toyota Solara. Stong engine and smooth shifting transmission. Not much to complain about except the ride quality and road noice.
I was looking at an es300 but once I read the reviews here I took a test drive and loved everything. The car was sporty yet luxurious and looked great. We needed a midsize car and this is just right.
Outstanding! Lease return vehicle that only had one small ding in the right rear door, smells and drives brand new. I just returned from my first road trip in this car and it is just amazing. Averaged 25.8 mpg in windy rainy conditions. Seat adjustment is novel, and even dad was impressed with rear seat leg room. Fit and finish is way above most Asian makes, and light years ahead of my last Ford. The engine is the whole car, simply silky smooth and you don't even feel the transmission shifts...
I felt that with the 100K KM warranty this was a great used car purchase. Good future resale value.     Condsider the i30 to be the Cadillac of Japanese vehicules.
Excellent overall. Very good pickup even though my '99 has only 190 hp. Comfortable ride and all the amenities you want. Have driven better handling cars but considering all the positives this is a minor issue. Excellent sound for a car system. Not a single defect or problem in 3 years. Even though my company leases the car for me and I can switch every 3 years or so I am still considering an I35 as my next car in a month or so.
I do not work for Infiniti--- The best car value I have had in 35 years of driving. Mine I30T is a 5 speed, one of the very few made. 30 mpg highway, once went 500 miles on a tank of gas. 23-34 mpg combined now. I have not had one thing go wrong on this car since July 99. Only replaced the brakes once. The car now is getting a new clutch at 138,000 miles-the first repair. Great stereo but must be listened to loud (Bose). Great handling with the sport suspension. Looks like a car an old man or woman would drive--but people soon learn otherwise. Too bad there is not a viable replacement.
i've had my i30 for over 2 months now and thrilled that i made the purchase. it is definatly a buyers market on used cars. it had 31,240 miles on when i got it, so for the price i talked them down was great. this has been the best car i've owned. the trans. shifts so seamlessly i never noticed, unless i look to see when it does. the interior is perfect, leather heated seats, very roomy, trunk space, 4 golf bags withroom to spare. just remember if you are looking at this car, it is for comfort and drivability, not speed and cornering, if you want that get a bmw. this is a car to sit back and relax on your drive. i've always wanted i bmw but after test driving the bmw 525 and the mercedes mdk i picked the i30 and would not change a thing. if someone says the infiniti's aren't real luxury cars remember the lexus is an overhyped camry. i'm a believer in the infiniti line now.
More problems than expected. Maintanence expensive.
I didn't want to give up the performance of my 5-spd SE-R, but had to.  Glad I found the I30.  The engine performs like excellent, and I don't feel as though I'm missing anything now.  Added to that more room, leather makes it a great car.
This is actually my fathers car but I drive it regularly when he goes out of town and leaves it at my house. It is an ok car but I'm not particularly impressed by its 'I'm a wannabe luxury car' looks. When you get down to it this is just a Maxima, so I dont see how a few changes automatically transfer into a luxury car. I prefer the Maxima from a styling standpoint too. Anyway, this car drives nice, has been reliable (only had it 4 months but has 35k miles on it). It goes fairly good when you stomp on the accelerator but nothing to write home about, and it seems to be pretty well put together. But a true luxury car i.e. Mercedes, BMW, etc., it is not. As a second hand car its a decent value but I would feel like a sucker if I had to pay full sticker price.
Traded in my Acura TLS for this car. Very pleased with this car. Not a SINGLE problem, no rattles no squeaks, transmission is still going strong at 15,000 miles. Touch wood. The Acura was fragile, almost had to baby it. I've been abusing this Infiniti and it keeps coming back asking for more. The engine is a jewel, I can see why Nissan's VQV6 has been hailed as the best V6 ever. There are times when I'm at a stoplight that I can't tell whether the engine is running or not. It's that quiet. Amazing torque off the line, stable chassis, minimal body roll around corners. Ride could be a little quieter but if I wanted the isolation I would have gone with a Lexus.
I moved from an Audi A4 to this car. Much more room, great engine, all the extras in the car. Very reasonable price.
The I35 is a good luxury car, but it leaves performance hungry drivers (like me) a little starved. The quiet, posh ride is very luxurious and inspires a feeling of relaxation...however, the feeling I prefer when driving is one of tension and excitement. This car failed to evoke that feeling.
I got a great deal on a roomy, very well built and feature-rich car. Paid $22.5k for a 2001 with 22k miles. Extremely comfortable compared to Acura TL and Lexus 300(I'm 6'3'). Only I30 gave me the leg and headroom I needed. Has plenty of horsepower. Sharp looking.
A sad follow up to my review of 1 year ago.Just totalled my '01 I30 ( got t-boned at 60 miles per hour )We all walked away!!Those side air bags saved my life. I loved this car never any problems, and it saved us
It is a well built car and it delivers reliable commute in nice environment with plenty of highway on-ramp merging power. I get to drive various cars when my car is in service and I30 is one of the nicer vehicles I was given to drive for 4 days but, in my opinion, it doesn't compete well with European makes.
At $30k+ a little overpriced; however if you can get one for $25k as I did, you cannot go wrong. A few months ago I took a ride in a friends BMW, now that was a sweet ride and I was starting to think that the I30 was not as good a deal as I thought -- then he told me he paid only about $37k for it and it was only 3 years old. Yikes! I stick with my decision on the value the I30 represents. 
I purchased the I30 Limited Edition for under $27,000. And it has everything except traction control and heated seats. I also have the two-tone black/titanium with a spoiler. I test drove the Lexus and was not impressed, the dealer wanted to offer the '97 Es300 for the same price! I also test drove Acura tl and immediately felt small inside. The salesman also came along and would not leave us alone; all he kept bragging about was the GPS system that I don't even want. At the infiniti dealer, the salesman let me and my wife take our time. At the moment of the first acceleration we knew we wanted to buy it.
I paid 27500 for my infiniti I30 limited. It had 3500 miles so it was like a new car. I test drove a es300 and was not impressed. I had a v6 camry and felt like it was the same car all over again. The service was horrible. I went there by myself. I am a 17 year old senior in high school so the salesman didnt take me seriously. I made up my mind to never buy a Lexus. I went to a acura dealer but had to wait about a week for it to be in stock. Other than good looks and honda engine, i wasnt sold on the acura either. Then, i went to infiniti.The first thing i saw when i visited the dealer were a couple of workers washing a customers car. I was delighted to see that. I told the dealer i was looking for a nice car to drive around. I thought he was going to offer me a cloth interior used g20. But he asked me really nicely what model i was interested in. I said an Infiniti I30. He quicly showed me the show room white i30 limited model. He even let me start the engine. I asked for a test drive and he said sure. He also said that it would make me a buyer. I laughed and was skeptical. I drove it and WOW! what a rush. This car boned out like crazy. 20 to 40 mph was a snap. He didnt really get mad that i accelerated fast and talked with me the whoe time. I came back about 3 days later with my parents and they drove it. They really liked the car and were trilled that it had side airbags. Well that all i have to say. I'll close with this. Even for the 2000 model. Own one and you'll understand, Infiniti lives up and more to that motto. BYE
If you are looking for performance, look around a little more. If you want a reliable car with all the luxuries of cars twice as expensive and great customer service, then you might like this car.
As a matter of personal preference this car fits me to a T. I was looking for a midsize luxury car on a lower 20's budget. I looked, researched and test drove just about everything. The Infiniti always came out on top. The similarities between it and the Avalon are astonishing. The Infiniti is a better car though. I was really impressed with the handling, acceleration, and the stereo. When I get rich, the Q45 is on top of my list. I highly recommend this car or any Infiniti product. Their sales and service teams are top-notch, and the overall quality of their vehicles cannot be beaten.
Me and my wife had narrowed down our choice to ES 300 and I30 based on features/specs. Our visit to Lexus dealership turned a difficult decision into a piece of cake. Lexus sales people were arrogant and rude. The attitude was 'the car sells and you are just any other customer'. On the other hand Infiniti dealership was very friendly. I told Infiniti sales person that I would be buying the car in next 12 months, but this did not disinterest him. During one of the service last year, the back lights had got damaged. I had failed to notice this when I picked up the car. On my next visit, I simply told the service rep to take care of my car since they had damaged the light last time. He apologized for that, and I was surprised to see later that they replaced the whole unit and did not charge me for service that time. I don't know of any other manufacturer who would do that.I30 comes with all the features you can expect from a car in that class. 200 watt Bose system is great. Engine is very smooth and pickup is superb. Climate control is very effective and quick. Keyless entry works from couple of hundred feets. I can secure the car from my office if I get concerned that I left it unlocked. Even though the ride is extremely comfortable as expected of a luxury car, you still get very accurate road feel unlike the toyotas and lexus'. In my previous car (Camry) this was the biggest problem I found. The car was so smooth that it was always too late then I realized that it was loosing traction. The result was, my camry used to skid almost every time it rained. I know I have gone beyond limits with my I30 but it could handle it every single time.Although the car is quite like maxima, I would recommend I30 over maxima GLE, or a loaded SE any day. Infiniti has the best warranty in the industry and this car segment in particular. comes with many standard features that are not even an option on maxima.(speed sensitive steering, auto day/night rear view mirror, rear head rests etc..)
I purchased this 1998Infiniti I30t ( IT'S I30T!!!)in Sept. 1997.  I fall in love with it when I first saw it.  It has the look of Infiniti Q45 and a soul of 2 door coupe(if u tired the manul stick)  I enjoy listening to the Bose Audio system.  I love the automatic temperature control and heated front seats.  When I purchased this I30t, I had no option left for me to choose!(besides dealer options.)  This is a great vehicle and recommended for everyone ! I believe the 2000 I30 is even better.  
(1998 Model) - My husband and I bought this car just a month ago, as a ''certified'' Infinti..It has 25,000 miles on it, but it comes with a 4y/60,000mi bumper to bumper warranty, and a 5y/70,000mi powertrain warranty, so we saved about $9,000 off the original sticker and are getting a fantastic warranty along with fantastic service. I would recommend this car to any family member or friend.
I belive is a decent car, with a decent price, lots of standard extras, a good family size sedan with a sport soul.  But in my opinion, is still far from luxury. Especialy when payng attention to details, fit&finish, stuff like that. But I still prefer it in place of Lexus300, Acura 3.2TL, they are the first rivals.  I trade mine for a real german sedan, but I had oi pay extra. I will never going to buy it again, but I belive is a good car, better than many out there..
  In my opinion is the best performance/quallity/luxury you can buy with this amount of $. Is the best selling of Infiniti line of luxury vehicles, well known for quality, luxury and very reliable.  The car is fast, smooth, opulent interior, all the features you ever need, roomy, and fit & finish is exceptional.  I did this purchase after a long resarch, I test drove Lexus ES300, Acura 3.2TL, Volvo S70, Audi A6, BMW 528, Maxima and I found this as the best I can have for my $. Of course, you can get better cars, but my walet can not open wider!  I was impresed. The ride is so smooth, the engine has a lot of power, that makes the car so fun to drive. Is not a BMW 5 series, but is a half price!  Is a good car, low meintenance vehicle, low MPG, high quality materials, fast when driving, great ABS brakes, quiet inside. 
  In my opinion is the best performance/quallity/luxury you can buy with this amount of $. Is the best selling of Infiniti line of luxury vehicles, well known for quality, luxury and very reliable.  The car is fast, smooth, opulent interior, all the features you ever need, roomy, and fit & finish is exceptional.  I did this purchase after a long resarch, I test drove Lexus ES300, Acura 3.2TL, Volvo S70, Audi A6, BMW 528, Maxima and I found this as the best I can have for my $. Of course, you can get better cars, but my walet can not open wider!  I was impresed. The ride is so smooth, the engine has a lot of power, that makes the car so fun to drive. Is not a BMW 5 series, but is a half price!  Is a good car, low meintenance vehicle, low MPG, high quality materials, fast when driving, great ABS brakes, quiet inside. 
ON A SCALE OF ONE TO TEN I GIVE MY CAR A 6 1/2.I EXPECTED A LOT MORE THAN I RECIEVED FROM THIS CAR AS FAR AS COMFORT AND LUXERY IS CONCERNED. 
I like everything about this car EXCEPT the ride.  I am a sales rep and I spend half the day in the car so the ride is soo important.  Infiniti dealer here is great(2nd Infiniti I've owned)but I will definitely take a longer test drive the next time I but any car.  But, if you drive where there are no rough roads and like taking corners at a very high rate of speed while enjoying your heated seats and Bose cd player then this is the car for you!  I would buy this car again in a heartbeat if it only wasn't so stiff riding.
I just purchased the car, but I fell in love with it at first sight.  I love the acceleration (v-6 engine).  I am confused by the cruise control buttons... why is the on/off switch behind the steering wheel and the other 3 cruise control buttons are on the steering wheel.  The trunk release is on the driver side door, I hit it a lot getting out of the car, which is very annoying.  So far it is a great car, get lots of compliments and very great handler on the road. 
Wonderful car! Quiet, fast pickup from lights and on the highway, and the Bose sound system rocks! Paint job is unbelievably hard as nails and looks a hundred feet deep when you peer into it.     Classic styling differentiates the I30's from the new I35's that look like Camries/Impalas.     Nothing ever goes seriously wrong with this car. Reliability is legendary with the I30 line and I'm experiencing it with this car.    Annoying: headlights aren't automatic, strange muted rattle in the door and trunk, engine compartment guard under rf fender rattles at high speeds (service bulletin item).
I have owned the 98 I30 for 6 years. It has 110k on it and still runs great and does NOT burn or leak oil. The BOSE radio has always been nice and better than some new cars I've been in. However, the car is not perfect. Here are a few problems: 1) Air Bag Light Blinks. (This should be a class action lawsuit because I am not alone here, they do have Airbag problems!) 2) Rear Center Reflector starts to bow out from trunk, looks ugly. (I saw a guy on Ebay trying to sell his old one after he bought a new one for $500) 3) The 'throttle body' gets dirty quickly, and your engine will run rough or your steering wheel will vibrate at various speeds. If you own an Infiniti, make sure you keep it clean. There are web sites telling you how to clean it. Overall this is a great car and I'm going to keep the beast until its well over 150k.
My husband and I have owned our I30 now for about 3 years. I was the first one to write a review on the car on this website. I have changed my opinion..I was very impressed with the vehicle at first. Nice stereo, handling, etc.. But there were a few things I can't get passed..the quality of the paint job/finish just is terrible. I previously owned a 91 Chev Celebrity that had a much better paint job than this car does. And everytime I had to take it in because the 'service engine' or 'airbag' light came on, I told them that the paint sucked and they never did anything about it. In the first year that I owned the vehicle, we had it in 5 times due to a light being on. And because we live 100 miles from the dealer, it was definatly a pain to get it down to them to fix. Every time it was in, they just said it was some sensor that went off, but nothing actually broken. So the sensors are too sensitive?? My car now has 54k miles and looks like it is about 10 years old because the finish is so bad, we have been waxing it with the colored wax just to make it look a little better. My husband always got annoyed with all the flyers they sent us in the mail that told us how great our car is, especially after the first year and having it in so many times for service.
This car is excellent in almost every way. The ride comfort is great, it is roomy, has pretty good acceleration, and the bose sound system is outstanding. Lets not forget about the saftey...I have been in a couple od accident in this car, and it feels like a tank. You dont feel a thing.
Bought this car used as my first car 118k on it, still runs like a dream. Only cars i can compare it too are my dads volkswagen which rides great (duh GERMAN engineering). But still a great car
This is a very reliable car. The t package makes this car much better looking and more fun to drive. While this is probably one of the most problem free cars I have owned, it has had some minor issues. A rattle in the dash board that has nearly driven me insane but finally went away after jamming a qaurter under the upper padded dash. The black leather seats are tough as nails and still look perfect after 125000 miles but are quite uncomfortable on long trips. The tranny stopped shifting at 50000 miles and the dealer said that they had a recall notice and would fix for free but the tranny case has leaked slowly ever since. I have always used synthetic lube and so far so good. At about 100k miles we drove on a long trip and the rear struts went. This was scary as a decent bump in the road sends the wheel darting into the wheelwell with no tire touching road. Allmost wrecked it but I replaced all 4 struts with KYB AGX 4 way adj sport struts and this thing handles like a porsche on the stiff setting. What a difference that made. All standard maintenace complete, ie. new axels (cv's), brakes twice (buy good trw rotors and never get warped rotors)trust me I live in florida and they get hot), bosch plat-2 plugs, belts and hoses, fuel/air/oil changes, pvc, etc. At 120k, just developed coolant leak and power steering pump leak. What a bioch to change them.. 10hrs. This is a very high tech engine and very effecient but very hard to work on. The water pump is behind the timing chain cover and runs off the timing chain. The tie rod end has to be disconnected to even think about removing the ps pump. I am an ex mechanic that changed careers but this car has always been a challenge to work on. That said she should go another 75k to 100k no problem. I am not changing the timing chains so if they go all bets are off but I doubt it. If your car start idiling rough pull the intake and clean it, esp the egr pipe to intake fitting. Will be completely blocked at 100k if this has never been cleaned. I was thinking of trading for QX4 but they dont make them after 03. Maybe a pathfinder or 4runner or gx470 (have a new baby and need more room) Sorry so wordy. Love this car and would buy another.
Had a lot more problems with this car than many others...was unlucky to receive the 'bad egg' for what would otherwise be a great ownership experience. Thinking of getting rid of the car if I have a GOOD chance! Worries me more than it pleases me, especially because of horrible dealer!
Leasing for $379/month.  Not only would I recommend the car, I have my new 200o I30 on order and will take delivery as soon as my current lease rund out -- about 2 months from now.
Probably one of the very best secrets out there.
I paid 15.9K for the car and it was still under the warranty, which I loved.  I recommend it to every and anyone that enjoys driving in comfort and safety.
Bought the 97 i30 at the end of 99 and have never lifted a finger to maintain it.  I'm recommending this car so heavily because I've spent the last 3 months looking for a new car because I can afford a bigger more expensive car now... and guess what, I'm having a hard time finding a match.  Almost bought a used Jaguar XK8.  Not much compares to an XK8 looks wise, and it was fun to drive, but I'm not paying 40k to have problems with the car.  Reliability is an issue with them it seems.  It had lots of sqeaks and imperfections, but was beautiful!  Besides, I still get in my i30 and even with the crappy winter tired its quick and fun to drive.  Not as fun as a Jag, but I'll also make it to the coast this summer without breaking down.Here's the deal, I'm a HUGE Nissan/Infiniti fan and want to pimp its goodness.  I'm in my mid 20's so I'm not an old crooner, the large between the seats CD compartment is stuffed with about 100 caseless CDs.  This car rocks IF you upgrade the wheels and stereo a bit.  I put on 16' Borbet Type H (check tirerack or ebay) with Yokohama tires, helps looks and handling a lot.  In hindesight I should have put on 17's but didn't want that ghetto look.  People actually do look at it now with a happy expression, the old wheels had that 'bored housewife' look to them and were ugly.  They make good snow wheels though being so narrow.  Threw 2 Kicker 12' subs in the trunk on top of the Bose stock stereo and its just amazing.  The suspension after 42k miles is a little squishy so I'm upgrading all that this spring with Stillen aftermarket parts, new shocks, strut supports etc...  This spring also putting on new muffler, air intake and stillen intermediate pipe.  Researching the Supercharger.  I hear with the supercharger this'll blow the GS430 off the road.  I recommend this car or the Maxima to anyone who wants a great, reliable and fun car that is practical and at the same time fun with a few inexpensive upgrades put into it.  I'm putting 20k miles on it this summer with road trips and look forward to it.
39.000 CND$. YES I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS CAR
I am pleased with the I30 and the whole infiniti experience, I think my next car is going to be a Q45 because it is a little bigger and more luxury looking plus the v8 is a must.. But the value/quality ratio you cant beat the I30
I recently totaled my beloved fixed up '94 Probe GT.  I wanted a car that would be cheap, reliable, elegant and fast.  I originally wanted a used Maxima SE but realized that a used Infiniti I3o was similiarly priced.  So after a few weeks searching, I found my new project...a sweet, clean '96 white I30t with 58k miles for just $12,200.  In my opinion, it's a great bargain that you can't beat for the price.
I wanted to look for a cheap, used, reliable car and originally wanted a Maxima SE but then I noticed that the I30 was similarly priced.  I had totaled a fixed up '94 Ford Probe GT(exhaust, headers and intake) and I wanted a fast car. This I30 is faster than my previous car and more practical with four doors and a big trunk.  I bought my I30t with 58k miles on it for $12,200.  Best bang for the buck in my opinion.
Powerful, Good value for $ as a used car
Since I purchased this car I have never looked back.Great power; fun to drive; comfortable ride if a little firm.Reliabiliey great. Mechanical problems have been almost nil.No maintenance until 60,000 miles. Then it cost a good peeny.tires also lasted about 60000 miles.Stereo went out after four years; they gave me a new one free.I'd get a new model only they do not have a 5 speed anymore.I'll have to look elsewhere, but can't find the same value anywhere.Dealer service has always been great.
Since I purchased this car I have never looked back.Great power; fun to drive; comfortable ride if a little firm.Reliabiliey great. Mechanical problems have been almost nil.No maintenance until 60,000 miles. Then it cost a good peeny.tires also lasted about 60000 miles.Stereo went out after four years; they gave me a new one free.I'd get a new model only they do not have a 5 speed anymore.I'll have to look elsewhere, but can't find the same value anywhere.Dealer service has always been great.
Oh, my, what a nice car. Recently bought it used, 43,000 miles, paid close to full retail for a gorgeous example and it is well worth it. The ride can be harsh (well, duh, it's the touring model), where was a car like this when I was younger? There is a bit of road noise at highway speeds (well, duh, there are performance tires on the touring model),  so turn up the Bose stereo! I have nitpicks -- the moonroof glass is not tinted and the roof itself seems too far back, some of the controls are awkward, the steering wheel seems thin, the trunk opening is not large (these are in comparison to my 1999 Camry), but the overall appearance, performance, comfort and appointments of this car make it a delight to drive. I can't imagine how good the new ones are. I also can't imagine a better value in a used car.
I have owned quite a few cars including a 1984 Toyota Supra and this car over all is one of the best I have ever driven it has all the extras that I like to see and it is just an all around fun car.
Had my I30 just over 3 years. I bought it from dealer with 36k on it and it now has 95k on it. This car is by far the best car I have ever owned. It's fun, powerful, sharp looking, and the standard Bose stereo sounds awesome!
I bought this car used from a good friend who hardly ever drove it...it just sits in the garage with a car cover and had never touched snow, but he has 2 other cars anyhow. Anyways, I was shocked that he sold me his car. Only 47000 miles on it and it's a 1996 I30T, still rides smooth, great gear response, no rattles, very sturdy and heavy, feels safe, and everything about it I can't be more happier, especially for a used car.
An awesome piece of machinery. I purchased the I30t, and the ride isn't 'harsh' like some would have you believe. After having the windows tinted, the car looks fabulous. When the dealer asked me when I was thinking about buying, I told him something along the lines of '6 months from now' and he was still very cordial with me. I just didn't understand the allure of the Lexus ES300, aside from the 'name'. There wasn't enough offered to distinguish between that and the Toyota (I forget its name) that just came out, and the Lexus dealer really had some attitude problems. If you want a nice car that is going to receive some looks, offer a nice ride with acceptable performance, last a while, and not break the bank, you really can't go wrong with this car. There are rumours about an upgraded engine in the 2002 model, so you might want to wait for two months and see if '01s start becoming discounted.
The I30 is an amazing car.  For under 30K, you get the best entry luxury car out there.  The moment I test drove the I30, I basically knew this car was it for me.  Infiniti dealership was top-notch.  I look forward to the daily commutes now...the engine is so smooth and the ride is exceptional.  Like the advertisement says, 'own one and you will understand'.  Enjoy the ride, fellow I30 owners!
Good car, although the car does not truly live up to all it's advertising. The Satalite system is not available even though the car has a SAT button the factory did not 'wire' all the cars for the SAT system. The Q45 looks good but the service, follow through and complete manufacturing still appears to be Nissan... Looks good for the price compared to competitors but all those bells and whistles either don't work properly, are not truly available or are lesser imatiations. OK car but for the price your better off with an Acura.
I think the styling/interior/overall value and quality of the new INFINITI Q45 is best out of EVERYTHING. Fully and absolutely loaded with climate control front/rear seats...navigation, rear camera, rear power reclining, rear air condition, voice recognition system, intelligent cruise control, all the works, the car comes out to a little above $60,000. With this in mind, every single car out there with these type of options, including the LS430, S430, 745il are all much more more expensive than the Q and offer almost the same features. With the exception of the BMW, the Q45 is a faster car than all of them, and ties with the BMW. The Q45 has a larger engine and more hp than any car. Benz and BMW are expensive because the consumers pay for the name of the car. Although i agree that the LS is a good car, it is extremely bland and WWAAAYY too conservative. Nothing like the 7 lense, most powerful headlamps in the world that are on the Q, or the electronically controlled key, or voice command, or even a rear CAMERA...nothing compares, at all!
I just want to start out by saying that the infiniti q45 is my parents car. I borrowed it when they went on vacation a week ago and I have to admit that this car has plenty of power to it compared to our jag. I still have a little difficulty in using the voice recog. thing but otherwise this is an awesome car...also an eye catcher which also comes in handy when cruising 4 girls. Plus the paint doesnt chip/damage easily or else I would have been in major trouble for some bozo 'keying' my parents car.
I'm wondering how other Infiniti owners have handled the following situation(letter was sent to the Vice President for the Infiniti division - I'll fit as much as I can on this page):    Dear Mr. McNabb:      I am writing to you in hopes that you can find some solution to a serious issue with my almost-15 month old 2002 Infiniti Q45. My 2002 Q45's problem is the lack of a promised integrated cellular telephone that Infiniti was marketing as an available Q45 upgrade for over a year and was included as a 'we owe' provision in my purchase contract. As I'm sure you know, the integrated telephone was supposed work with the 2002 Q45's voice recognition system and built-in LCD monitor.      Mr. ZZZZZZ, of the Infiniti Division, had been working with me on this issue since May 2002 until he left his present position. I have to say how impressed I was with Mr. ZZZZZZ and his attempts to handle this situation, even if all the attempts were unsuccessful. He is certainly a credit to Nissan North America.       I am now working Ms. YYYYYY who seems very willing to help. Unfortunately, no one has yet come up with any solution that is acceptable to the Infiniti Division and my dealer, West Houston Infiniti. My recollection is that I'm the only one, so far, to offer any suggestions about how to solve this problem.       When I purchased the 2002 Q45 I had every intention of buying the integrated telephone since I had previously owned a car with an integrated telephone. The 2002 Q45 met all of my specifications for a new car once I was told that the integrated telephone could be added later. Therefore I was one of your early purchasers of the 'new Q'. I am regretting that decision more and more with each day.      When Infiniti Division decided to withdraw the 2002 Q45's integrated telephone before it was released, Mr. ZZZZZZ and I began to discuss ways to solve my contractual problem. As I mentioned earlier, I had a written promise of an integrated telephone. We came up with many ideas on how to provide an integrated telephone solution for the 2002 Q45 or an equivalent 'value add' to my present Q45. All of those solutions were either not technically possible or rejected by Infiniti/Nissan engineering. In the end, Mr. ZZZZZZ was unable to come up with any concrete offer concerning my present 2002 Q45.      The only solution any of us could come up with was to have me purchas
     This car is fantastic!  I've had the vehicle for 2 weeks and 2 days now and I must say that it is a few grades above my traded in 1999 Acura 3.2 TL.  This car is one that you MUST read the manual to understand how to operate the multitude of 'creature comforts' effectively.  The interior is inviting with ample maple wood abound and available in 3 shades(the sport packaged Q45 only comes in the granite color wood and is also the only model to sport a blue trim in the rear lights and if they had other maple colors to choose from outside of the granite, I would have opted for that package rather than the luxury package).  The exterior slopes like a great white shark ready to attack any pavement put in its hungry face(the grill and the high placement of the headlights really make the front of the vehicle appear to not only be intimidating but innovatively attractive as well.      A+ in my book thus far!!
this is my second review. i've had my i-30 for almost 3 years now, and logged in almost 40,000 miles of driving. twice i have to bring the vehicle to the dealer because of the 'check engine' light on. the analog clock has now gone even darker (maybe the backlight has burned out). but the dealer failed to correct the problem. overall, the car has maintained its solidity and reliability on the highway. it still burned a bit more gas. the dvd navigation has to be re-set twice because the unit won't read the dvd software anymore. meanwhile, my service vehicle which is the i-35 is a very solid, quick and quiet vehicle. it also absorbs bumps and potholes quite handily, just like a big lincoln car. i'm sure future infiniti models will have more quality, fit and finish in them.
Overall a very nice car, with relative exclusiveness in my area, where Lexus' & BMW's abound.  I have had trouble getting the seat memory to work, but I think that is more me than the car.  The stereo & acceleration remind me that this car is probably designed for the over 50 crowd (I am 37), but hey, you can't please everyone.  Has been excellent on long trips (I travel a lot), with one minor complaint...I have the hard (ABS plastic?) mud flaps.  The first set I had looked a bit long in the front.  The front flaps scraped the ground around even during medium speed turning.  The Infiniti dealer's service dept. in Memphis actually wrote that I was hitting things (essentially calling me a liar), so I will never darken their doors again, but since I bought it in LA, who cares.  I brought it immediately to my local dealer (Crescent City in LA, who sold it to me), and they were replaced for free with a somewhat shorter pair.  Apparently, others have had this problem as well.  These are now starting to bottom out as well, so I may have begun driving too aggressively even for this set.  If there is not a shorter set for the front (they still look long) then I will remove them to enjoy my hard cornering.Otherwise this is an excellent car at over $15K less than what Lexus was willing to 'deal' for (deal - hahahaha).  I will buy the newer version in a couple of years after I modify this one a bit for low end speed and have some fun in it for a while.Also - nice site - thanks for the forum.
Why would you get this car when you could get a Lexus GS400 for less money?  Or perhaps an Audi A6 2.7t manual.  This is an overpriced, overrated car that is playing way out of its league in terms of price.  I would rather drive the I30 than the ridiculus q45.
PAID $42 + WITH A LIST OF 52k GOOD DEAL IF YOU HOLD ON TO IT. GREAT ALTERNATIVE TO THE LEXUS
The sticker price for my Q45t was apx. $50,500.00 but I paid only $42,500.00.I love this car (though I don't like the q45 non-Touring version because it's too mushy like the Lexus). 
Purchased car within this month. Am very satisfied with quality. I've been told that the car will run for miles without breaking down. My car currently has around 117k, which some have thought odd for an 8 year old car. Riding in the car is a joy and I love the instrumentation and gadgets. I get plenty of stares for I am only 20 and am a college student. The car looks excellent for it's age and with all the gadgets and gizmos - it appears to only be 3 or so yrs old. I think it's a sturdy and strong car that will last me for years, very dependable. I would buy this car over any lexus, bmw, or mb. It is well worth the money, and not everyone in the city owns one. It makes a statement and is different from the rest. That's what I like most. It has more gadgets than standard brand new cars nowadays.
Greatest automobile we've ever owned. Just superb. Currently the car has 243,000 and keeps going strong. Something FINALLY broke at 215,000 miles----some kind of oxygen sensor I think.
After owning the car for more than 4 years, I would sincerely say 'I cant think of any better car than this'. It bought it with 33k on it & now it has 139k and still going very strong. No real 'issues' so far. Replaced the alternator,Tension rods(were leaking) and tires. Was an ideal car especially during long drives between Missouri & California.Ever never left me stranded.
No longer own car. Great car, but resale value was non- existant. Only worth $15K when we traded it in on a new Lexus RX 300, with only 66K miles on it. Our car was in impeccable condition when we traded it in. Unless you want to get hit HARD by depreciation, don't buy a new Infinity Q45. Your much better off buying a used Q45 as far as value is   concerned, especially one that is three years old or older.
I would recommend this car to anyone as its a big bang for the buck. As everyone points out, for a similar mileage / model year car from Lexus or BMW or Merc, you would sweat out at least 8K more. This car has great engineering into it.Because of soft springs the cornering isn't like the sportier 740s', but the car's stabilizer bars do wonders and the driver never feels pushed to the sides. Its very quiet even at high freeway speeds. There is slight windnoise, but thats okay I suppose. My wife and I drove from SJ California to Vancouver, Canada to Victoria island and on the way back through the interiors of Washington and Oregon.Let me tell  you, we felt so safe in the car that we didn't realise we covered 2500 miles in a week's time. The car's interior treats you like a darling, even after a long stretch driving of 12 hours, we felt little fatigue. Very good car for long driving pleasures. I have heard problems with 92/93 model years, but I suppose they have taken care of that for the new ground up remodelled '97 and up cars. I hope I can go 150K miles on it. I am kinda young at 24yrs to have bought this big fat luxury car. But let me tell you, I just love this. I have a honda VFR superbike which gives me all the sporty cornering and speed thrills I need on the twisty roads. When it comes to car, I just want luxury, smoothness & absolutely no noise. Buy these cars model yr 97 and up, and you will be very happy you owned one. The new 2002 Q is supposed to put the rest of luxury cars back by 30/40HP , its supposed to carve out 340HP . Wow !!
I am reacting to the previous posting by Neil of Nashville on his poor rating of Q45 and the points he talked about.Lets see, 1. Strut suspension , Well, you pay much more for a BMW right ?    They use Strut as well. Now,I don't think you knew that ? Gotcha !!   Use of Strut will help reduce the weight of car while providing   sportier ride. 2. Tire noise is it ? I have driven the new LS430 and I have the old '97 Q45.  I see no difference in terms of road noise . Forget about tire noise. Its very quiet and smooth as velet.3. Service: I can be sure you have absolutely no idea what infiniti provides for service. JD Power & Associates ranked Infiniti as the TOP rater for customer service statisfaction and Lexus was far down the ranking.4. Talking about Engineering ? The maxima/I-30 VQ series 3.0V6 has won numerous accolades as the best import V6 for 6 years. If you open up the engine, it will outshine the V6 found in Camry,ES,IS,RX in seconds.The new V8 is based on the same model with even more tecnological advancements ( titanium valves, ultra-light piston rods etc ). Seeing your neignbor's new Q parked, the 430 owner just couldn't breath easy without writing somethin against it. Accept the fact, 430 is sold at almost invoice ( 4K below MSRP ) and you are talking about discount on the new Q. Take it easy pal, you can still tread in your 430 for the new Q. Get the 18 inch wheels and enjoy the 340HP Q and see other 430s through the auto-dimming rear view mirror. The lexus tried hard with their LS430s V8 to even touch 300HP mark with their latest 2 door supposedly 'SPROTS' coupe SC430. The LS has a mere 290hp. The new Q at 340HP is a technical marvel. Look at EDMUND's latest review > 'Initial impressions were that the cabin was even quieter than that of the Lexus...' 
The car has speed,class, and sound.Friends love it.and did i say it was fast...........>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
I have had wonderful experience's from infiniti i owned an older Q45 previous to my new one and it sold me to buy another i will always be infiniti's *youngest loyal owner *(HOPEFULLY YOUNGEST) 
Definitely the best bang for the buck when it comes to buying your first used luxury car.  You will pay an extra $3000-$6500 for the Lexus (Toyota) or Acura (Honda) just for the name.  More fun and feel than the LS 400.   Infinity has always focused more on sport-luxury as opposed to luxury-sport! You or your wife will blow away Firebirds and Mustang 5.0's on your Sunday morning 'dork' cruise and outhandle them too without breaking a sweat.  When you drive this heavy beauty you will feel like 50 when you're actually 85+ mph, so plan on spending an extra $399 to purchase a Valentine One radar detector or else you will not afford insurance within the first year of owning this ultimate sport-luxury vehicle.  
The Q45 t is the way an automobile should be made. different,nissan has always had the most aggresive and smoothest engines. driven many automobiles in my life,the infiniti is among the best, drive them all then drive the Q45 t and you will understand
I got my 1997 Q45 for an amazing price thanks to my uncle raving about his.  I knew the ride was silky, but had no idea that this car that drowns you in comfort would ever have the power it has.  When you step on the gas, hold on, cause by the time your eyes look down to check the speed, you are FLYING.
We has this car on a 3 year lease. The two cars before that we leased were BMW's. After the lease on this car was over, we went back to the BMW 540i. The BMW has better handling, acceleration, and feel at high speeds. The Infinity is not a very fun car to drive. I would recommend it as a car for a family that has a good amount of money and that isn't especially interested in sportiness, but more for luxury and looks. It does look good.The stereo system is pretty good, and there is a lot of room in both the front and the back. From looking at it, it looks like a very safe car. But for the money, the BMW is a much better car.
Excellent car.  Do your homnework as you are doing.  No problems so far.The car is comfortable, responsive, and has plenty of room for a large American male who is 6'3' and weighs 190', and carries a bike and luxury camping gear wherever he goes.  It is gadgety, with stupid things I'd never use--rearview mirrors that point to where you want when backing up, some kind of automatic rearview mirror darkening system, outside temp reading.  It's kind of like a Chrysler product that has Euro controls with Japanese quality.So the whole thing is Euro-Chrysler, nothing to inspire confidence in my opinion.  The controls are counter-intuitive, there are automated features to despise, as if the designers were guessing that Americans really wanted European features like window controls on the console combined with autodarkening and outside temp. These are meaningless and irritating features Americans who buy Chrysler products want.  I'll spare you details of that, but it is a nice car. 
A pleasant appearing luxury sedan which is seriously flawed.
I bought this car about a year and a half ago with about 110 000 miles but I replaced the engine with 1996 engine 278@hp 4.5L V8   great car if willing to put repairs from here and there
The fit and finish of this car is well above average, I have owned many BMW's and I find that the Infinity is a better car in every aspect except one....that is the driving experience. The Q45 simply doesnt even come close to handling like a BMW. The Q45 might be a faster car in a straight line but simply doesnt hold a candle to the BMW in any other driving arena. I ended up upgrading the wheels, tires and suspension on the Q45 and it handled significantly better. The one problem that I had was an electical glitch that although the dealership went way way out of their way to diagnosis, the fix was very expensive. So over all I would say, its a nice car, huge depreciation, so you can pick one up cheap, and with a few thousand dollars you can get a pretty nice ride that has significantly more bells and whistles than a BMW or MB.
Pros: Great ride, great suspension, quiet without total silence, which can get weird in a car, great stereo system, nice climate control system, great engine, beautiful body and interior.    Cons: I miss not having auto lamp, which I've had in a SHO and Sable. Seats are a little too much on the firm side, particularly the seat cushion.     Overall, you pay more for gas, and perhaps repairs, however...for the price of the car, you can't touch anything near this quality, and this CLASS, for what I paid. Yes, Virginia, if I wreck this one tomorrow I'd run out and buy another...
JD Powers was Right. Best car long term for 1995. If maintained with fresh fluids (and not previously abused), car will go 300K miles. Owners must read posts at www.nicoclub.com , especially all those by Q45tech. FSM and TSB easily obtainable from www.nissan-techinfo.com/infiniti/ Purcahsed in 2000 and 2001 with 52K and 26K, respectively.
I've had this vehicle for a little more than one year and it's been to the dealer 3 times for the power steering. When it is warm you need two hands to park the car. It is just that hard to turn. The dealer claims that they replaced the pump,rack&pinnion and other parts but the problem still exist.I have 4 vehicles so I have only put 5,ooo miles on this car in a year. I am finding it hard to believe that my vehicle is the only one with this problem. Perhaps the dealer ( Ramsey Infiniti ) knows less than I do about this vehicle. The front brakes seem to make a lot of noise at times. The dealer has had the vehicle in several times for that problem as well with no satisfaction on my part. The humming /whinning noise that I was hearing from the rear was the fuel pump,it has been replaced. On the other hand the car has been O.K. The power is great, the styling is so-so, it handles well and is quiet most of the time. Not as quiet as my Lexus LS-400 was.
I acquired this car with 30.000 miles on it. This car is not popular in the used car market because of the size of the engine leading to huge consumption of gasoline. Gasoline price here is 4-5 times in US.   However, becasue of the presigue, I do not think I would pay full price for this car, I rather have a MB coupe.
I have to say this is ABSOLUTELY the BEST Car I have ever owned! Purchased it with 42K miles and now 4 years later it has just turned 145k and STILL running Strong.  This car was the one of the last of the 4.5L before the 'downsize' to 4.1.  It has more than enough midrange and topend power to keep me happy.  In cornering it feels like it's 'on a rail.' The Bose sound system will make you believe you're at the concert - front row.  I have liked the styling from the moment I first saw this car. What could have made it better? A little lower gearing to improve the bottom end performance.  Some wider tires to help traction and cornering.  I replaced the tires with Michelin Pilots P235 60R 15.  That did the trick!  I added a Stillen Strut Bar Brace to 'tie' the front end together. BOY does it handle now!  Why didn't the engineers think of this?  Then of course there is the Stillen Air intake with K & N Filter and a 'Cat back' Flowmaster System. This has really helped to uncork the available power. But close the windows, turn on the air conditioning, crank up the Bose sound system and cruise anywhere you want to go.  This car will take you there AND back in comfort.  Heated seats, power lumbar support, antiglare rearview mirror.  Always dependable, be sure to keep it fed.  It does drink gas, (but I have a heavy foot too!) Brakes wear quickly and need to replaced 2x a year (Pads and Rotors) but not every car can stop from 100+ MPH in such a short distance.  I have found this car to be a pleasure to own with minimal repairs.  Heck, I used to own a 300+ HP Chevys in the 60 & 70's and could never get more than 50k miles out of an engine. My only question is whether I will drop an engine in this car if it finally wears out, or buy a used 2002 Q... I'm not crazy about the new front end on the 2002....hmmmmm
These cars are great luxury cars, but as such must be proactively maintained. The cost of repairs is not dicounted like the purchase price on accelrated depreciation. The most important thing is to learn the maintainence history, and realize that factory maintainence schedules are the minimum for the car to last through the factory warranty period only. This is true of all cars, and to realize the the extended life available from precison built cars like the Q, one must be proactive in maintaining them. Luxury cars should not be purhcased with financing and no cash reserve for updating the deferred maintainence. If one can't afford to pay cash with a sufficient cash reserve to maintain it, one shouldn't buy the car. These are $50K+ cars and require a commensurate level of care.
Fine car but the resale value makes it not work owning.  I've driven the car nearly 130,000 miles without any problems.  Have always used infinit dealer for scheduled repairs/maint.  Don't wreck the car unless you have excellent insurance.  My insurance had to come up with 20,000 to repair the car. Luckily, they didn't give me any problems.  
The Q45 is a beautiful car.  I love it.  Brakes, fuel pumps, tires, and fuel injectors are a few known issues with these cars.  But, I have not had any problems yet.  The fact is, if you have 50,000 to pay for one of these when you buy it, why do people complain at the high cost of upkeep?  If you want to drive a technologically superior vehicle, you have to pay for it.  For example, one reason fuel pumps wear out on this vehicle is because they are special three-speed pumps built exclusivly for the Q45, whereas most pumps are one speed units.  Why brakes and tires?...because the car weighs so much.  The Q45 has a timing chain which saves about $600 every 60,000 miles over the LS400 for its timing belt replacement.  The point is, if you're going to buy ANY premium vehicle, you have to pay a premium to maintain it.  The Q45 is for a person who wants more sport and value over the plush and overpriced LS400 in comparison.  I am very happy with mine.
Wonderful automobile.  Beautiful (when clean).  Classy elegance.  Powerful engine.
My Q-45 is the finest automobile I've ever owned (I've had 9). It combines distinctive, Jaguaresque looks with monster performance and good reliability. You won't find a better all around luxury vehicle for the cost. That's the upside. The downside is that you need to have a very good mechanic that is familiar with the service quirks of the vehicle. I have found only one dealer out of three that could properly debug problems. Look for service mechanics that are part of the original Infinity trained team from 1989 !!!Some service tips. Use only Michelin V-rated tires. Everything else will wear prematurely (especially OEM Dunlops) . Use gasoline additive fuel injector cleaner every 6,000 miles to try and keep injectors clean. 
Fantastic styling.  Very Euro and modern.  Super Engine and acceleration.  Blows away all other Q45s until the 2002 model. Has every gadget you could desire.  
Fantastic styling.  Very Euro and modern.  Super Engine and acceleration.  Blows away all other Q45s until the 2002 model. Has every gadget you could desire.  
Wow, what a car.  I am quickly realizing that I just landed a pretty good deal from the local Infiniti dealer.  With only 77k miles, this car doesn't look more than 2 years old.  It's in perfect condition.  It isn't really what I'd call a sports sedan like a BMW 540 or the Volvo T5-R,  but rather like a Lincoln without the poor build quality and mushy ride.  It also doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside you soon appreciate the car's original $50k price tag.  It has about every bell & whistle you could ask for.  Ride quality is very nice.  Again, it's not mushy like an American luxury car.  There's plenty of communication from the steering wheel and brake pedal, all the while isolating the passengers from road noise and bumps in the road.  I'd call it near perfect for a luxury sedan (though I have to admit I haven't sampled what Lexus has to offer).  It's equally as nice as any of the Euro sedans I've driven (MBZ E 300, S 500, Volvo 850 T5-R sedan).  Seats are firm, but supportive and comfortable.  Leather is kind of hard, I'm not sure if that's good or bad.  I figure it's at least durable.The Bose soundsystem is the best factory stereo I've ever sampled.  From midbass all the way up to the highest frequencies, it sounds great.  While audiofiles may not like the Bose sound, I found it very spacious and crisp. Low bass is lacking for my tastes, so an aftermarket subwoofer will be my next purchase.  The controls are also very well thought out- a motorized panel hides separate bass, treble, balance & fader level knobs. The only option this car didn't come with was the CD changer, but you can order a compatible unit from Crutchfield for under $300 (factory changers go for around $400).All in all, this is an awesome car.  We'll see how it goes long-term.  From what I've read/heard, it's a greatly underappreciated car.  In fact, I was browsing the '02 Q45s at the dealer, looking at what I'll be purchasing in about 4 years from now.  I'm glad more buyers don't realize what great deals there are on used luxury cars like the Q45.  
Great car but learned the hard way about fuel injector problems.  Cost me $3,000 to replace all 8 injectors.
This car is one of the most exciting cars to own. I love this car because of all it can handle, it can handle New York life so I think it can handle almost anything. This car has hit bumps and received its dents and burses. But for the long run this car can out do almost any other 4door sports car in my opinion. It can probably run to 250,000 miles in my opinion without really breaking anything.
THIS CAR IS GREAT with a few exceptions: expensive to maintain, brakes wear quickly (because it's fast and heavy) and I just experienced fuel injector problems (@ 115,000 miles). Car handles well and is FAST! Interior wears well (bought with 45K miles over 3 years ago and now have 120K)and BOSE system is very good. Traction control is a MUST --- if you have any snow you either need traction control or snow tires as the power in this thing is too much for the slick pavement.
Fine looking machine. Super clean engine that takes a while to kick into action...once it does it makes a sound as if afterburners are discovered. Especially if all windows are down.
I bought a lease retun for my wife. It had 16,000 miles on it and 2 years old. I have owned Mercedes 300SEL for 15 years and the 500 SEL for 3 years. The Q45 is one of the least problamatic cars I have owned. Change the oil regularly and regualr maintainance. It is a powerful and comfortable riding car. Even the cars has very little book value at this time, the car is still like brand new. Good Paint, Great interior, Great sound and great looking. I have the Dark Grren with Beige interior. For a car that is almost 10 years old, I think she might have at least another 5 years in her.
I Am Really starting to believe that Nissan thought about the name real hard for this car, cause you really get longevity,and reliability with the 94-96 Q45. Ibought mine it 2000 wand it had 170K on it, no major problems since I bought it and put an easy extra 100K on the odometer, this car is bulletproof, and I would do it all over again if they did'nt have the best new luxury car out now, I get my 2002Q next week, will tell you all about it soon.
i bought my q from one of m best friends who was looking at 6000 for suspension fix. i found a site with standard coilover conversions and converted it for 800 bucks. car came with rims and everything and was a complete steal for 500 bucks and i have to say i love it just drove to ny and back great ride i got a 117k on it which is quite low for a 94 so thats nice look forward to having it for some time
pretty nice car
I would never recommend an Infiniti to anyone.  For as much as we have had to put into this vehicle, we could have purchased this car twice over and it should run 'to infinity and beyond', but not into your pocketbook. I will not make the same mistake twice.  
Very reliable comfortable car.Definitely a steal in comparison with a Lexus 400L of the same vintage. Lexus is overpriced and Q45 is undervalued. As an unsentimental value-seeking guy looking for a big, competent, comfortable and safe people hauler, I could not have had a better car for the price. I have done a few housekeeping things on the car such as brake change and am quite happy about the cost compared to the BMW. If fuel economy is at the top of your priority list, steer clear of this monster. At this point in my life, I like to plunk down a wad of cash for a car, and stay away from car notes. It has worked well. By the way, the odds are rather low that you can get the Q for the price that I did. I believe its blue book value for the 1994 edition is in the neighbourhood of 15k.
For speed, comfort and stability it's great.  Be prepared to spend massive amounts of money on major component failures that really weren't a problem with any other vehicle I've owned.  This applies to 1991-1993 models (according to the Infiniti Service Manager).  This car has outstanding performance, but I would have purchased newer had I known about the defects for pre-1994 models.Had I not experienced the transmission issue I would rate this car a five.  But I'd rate the 1993 two at best.  An Infiniti recall would has been nice once they realized the serious quality issues with this vehicle.
I would have a hard time buying a new one because Infinity doesn't hold it's value like an Acura or Lexus. If you're not afraid of the used car market a person can get a high quality car for a great price.
Definitely the nicest car we have ever owned.   Was luxurious and sporty.   Loved to drive it.  Rode well and was quiet.  Great acceleration.      On the other hand, it was not very reliable.   Transmission went our prematurely.   Problems with airconditioner at an early point in time.   Miscellaneous engine problems.  Not impressed with the reliability of this car.
This has been the most impressive automobile I have ever driven. I owned the Q45 for 9 years. Very quick when accelerating, very tight handling, and well-apointed. I drove the car for 100K miles before selling it. The vehicle was designed with no front radiator grill, but NEVER over-heated. Many people did not like the grill-less front, but the car had performance that was truly awesome. I regularly drove the car at 80-100MPH with no shake, rattle, and little wind noise. Maintenance costs were high, but not unexpected. The V8 engine is finely tuned, and needs the attention. I currently own a MB and the MB is not as much fun to drive as the 1992 Q45. I was going to purchase a 1996 Q45, but it did not have the performance or power of my 1992 Q45. The salesmen admitted that after 1994 the Q45 was 'de-powered'. This vehicle is for individuals who like to drive, and who appreciate fantastic handling and performance. Not for those who feel that $30,000 is too much to pay for a car; or who changes the oil when the engine oil light comes on; is not willing to pay $200 or more per tire; or feel that $1,000 or more annually to maintain the automobile is ludicrous.
well, she's been a really good car, i gotta say, the best thing about this car is the moon roof. i took my girlfriend and her sisters on a ride, it wasnt 3 miles before she was standing up and taking the top down. one thing i have had problems with, is keeping the seats cleaned, there seems to be a gooey sticky substance that reappers every time i let my girlfriend use it. as for reliability, i havent really ever thought about checking the oil, i must say, my girlfriend seems to really like the trunk space., which is nice when she starts up her nagging and complaining. it hasnt giving me any problems, i have noticed a knocking and whinning noise coming from the trunk area on occasion though, havent gotten around to having that diagnosed yet, maybe, in the next week or so.
The 3rd generation 2002 Q45 is light years ahead of it's time. 340 HP!!! Drive it and you won't be disappointed. Put the car in reverse and the rear camera will guide you. Put the active suspension on sport and the 245 45 18's tires on alloy wheels with glide you through the next haipin. I drove the Lexus LS 430 heavy on luxury not on sportiness. This car will bring Infiniti to the head of the class in the Premium Luxury category!                  The German's (BMW & Mercedes) will be amazed on how Infiniti is able to provide so much cutting edge technology, luxury and performance in a package and price that not only rivals but exceeds. 
The previous reviewer is obviously referring to some personal problems of his, not a car.  What does someone committing suicide have to do with a car design?  The Q is a  'rebadged Nissan product'.   Ha.  What is a  Lexus ?  Many people might prefer pocketing the $5,000 (real-world prices) they'll save in a few months, after the new-release hubub dies down, over an LS 430.   Quotes were Q 45 sales 'as of april 2001'.  I may be mistaken, but didn't the Q45 just come out in April?  How COULD they sell as many as Lexus if they just came out in the middle of the month, and are not tooled up yet for full production, since they're obviously waiting to see if demand requires it?  Besides, many drivers prefer a more exclusive and unique vehicle.  At least those of without lemming tendencies.  The Q is, according to published information, faster, better handling, and roughly equal in other areas.  Also, Consumer reports just published a guide that shows not Lexus, not Mercedes, not, BMW, not Audi, but INFINITI as having the best overall reliability.  (not that CR is beyond reproach in their methods, but still being on the top of the list is hard to argue with)As for resale, time will tell on the new model.  I hope it doesn't sell as well as the other makes, because I plan to wait 2 years and snap one up after its taken its big depreciation hit.   I'll take a 2 y/o  Q-45 at $35,000 to $40,000 over a new Lexus GS 300 or BMW 325i or 330i any day of the week.  It's bigger, faster, handles better than the Lexus, and is much more reliable than the BMW(I'm a previous 540i owner).  Other than the grill, I like the look of the new Q with the sport pkg.  It's modern as well as mature.   
First of I would like to say how much of an amazing car this is. In a value driven world like this you can not find a better buy when it comes to a luxury car. I aranged a test drive of the new 2002 Q45 with Modern Infinty of Greensboro, NC (they were more than helpfull). Infinity has really outdone itself when it comes to presenting itself to the public, its dealership was the nicest in the area and it staff were top notch profesionals. Now on to the car.....As you approach the vehicle you know you are in for a treat. Behind the aggressive titanium colored grill (which is in front of the headlights and lowered a bit is really sporty looking) is a 4.5 litre work a Nissan magic. The 4.5 V-8 is only .4 litres larger than the previous model's engine, but it produces 70 more horsepower ( 340 compared to 270 ). The engine is fully tricked out, utilizing variable exhaust and intake manifolds, electronic throttles, and titanium valves filled with sodium for cooler running. The engine twists it 333lbs. of torque through a 5 speed manumatic, with traction control and the like to the rear 18x8 wheels. 0-60 in less than 6 seconds is a small feat in this car, you can smoke the punk teen in the 'stang with 4 of your buddies with no problem.The interior is bar-none. High Quality leather, comfortable sports seats, power everything, dual-zone climate control, computer that monitors car systems, an 8 speaker 300watt sound system with a subwoofer, and mostly everything is voice activated. The wood trim is real, and might I add beautiful. The Q is available with a DVD navigation system, power rear seats, and a back-up camera.This is the best car I have ever had the privilage to test drive, including BMWs, Mercedes, Audis, and Lexus.- Adam W.    
Infiniti has yet to get it right.After a decade they still are attempting to launch the flagship.If you have money to burn get this new car.But don't whine a year later when the resale has broken through the basement floor.
Hi everybody,I am very thankful to Frontier Infiniti, Santa Clara ( California ) to have a '02 Q45 for just 2 days so that interested people can test-drive. I got my appointment for today afternoon for half an hour. My wife and myself jumped at the opportunity and drove our 97.5 Q45 into their parking lot. The new Q was having a way too cool shade ( Royal Cabernet exterior, black interior, smoke real wood trims ). 18 inch wheels and sport suspension. Both of us reached out to the driver's seat :-). Anyways, I got behind the wheel first ( She understood my agony if I was to be left at the passenger seat first ! ). The feel was very different from the 97 Q I have. The steering wheel has a tighter feel. Rolling out of the parking lot without using the 'drive by wire' electronic throttle, I was dying to push the pedal to the floor. On th road and the first thing I did was get onto the gas and change to middle lane. In a whisker, I was at 45MPH. While accelerating,the was a very confident but faint noise from the hood, which made me feel as if the engine is saying,'Come on! I am just warming up!'. The springs are certainly much tighter than the ones on my car. At the same time, there was no way I could feel more road noise from these 18 inch Z rated tires. That was a very good news for me. I want sport feel without making the cabin any more noisy. At 75 mps, it was only 2250RPM on the tachometer ( mine touches 2500RPM for the same speed ).This certainly was making the drive much smoother at cruising speeds. I stepped on the gas for a second and the response was so quick, I instantly passed the lexus which was trying to catch up on the other lane. As there were no racing roads for me to try things a little differently, but with what I had ( CA highways and entries & exits ), the ride was very smooth, no harshness despite the sport suspension but a very composed and tight cornering as well. I think from the power and performance point of view, this new Q can easily beat the 740,LS430 and S430, may be even S500. Along with the base model , there are two choices, sport package & the premium package. If you add the premium package with sport package, you get almost all the luxury features you can get with LS430 loaded with performance 18 inch wheels . The price could get around 63K with all the features I guess. I couldn't test the DVD navigation/sound system properly as they hadn't figured out the hi-fi system themselves as the car arrived only today morning.Now, about the auto-manual gear change system:The response was obvious when you drive in the manual mode. From 3rd , downshift to 2nd and reach for the gas, the punishing sudden power is so pleasing. Even my wife, who is usually a very cautious driver, was thrilled at the abundant power and tried to speed at corners and in the freeway :-). But the only thing I didn't like about this manual mode is, it takes almost 2 seconds before your downshift/upshift action actually takes effect. I have tried other cars with this option, but the Q takes a little longer. I suppose once you get used to this delay, you can use the manual to great use to cut through the 4.6L MUSTANGs and company.I just hope the frontal offset crash tests show a green flag with GOOD rating , and I would have no other argument against buying this amazingly pleasing car. 
This is my dream car. I brought it as a christmas gift to myself. The dealer tried to turn my dream into a nightmare (sold as is with a bad transmission, but I still love this car.
This has been an awesome car since I bought it new 11/92 (I atually leased it for three years and decided to buy it at the end).  Only a few non-maintenance repairs (pesky check engine light problem, one bad injector, a few suspension parts).  I now have 86,000 miles on it and the car still looks and drives like new.  The engine is so quiet idling that I sometimes go to start it when its already running!  Newer cars are faster so it doesn't blow the doors off everything as it did when new, altough it still gives a thrill to floor it at speed or show off the handling taking a corner quickly.  The thought has crossed my mind to get something newer, but the ol' Q keeps on eliminating the need, certainly, and even the desire.
When I recieved the car, I was impressed with how much I got with the price I paid.  As soon as I began to drive the car, I was blown away by the amount of torque.  I knew what it had, but I never knew it would deliver as much as it did.  As I began to get used to the car, I began to drive it harder.  The car has given me a few problems, but only those brought on by myself.  I had to replace all the brakes, and I cracked my right tension rod.  Went a little too fast.  Anyway, the car still runs at 100%.  THe only thing to know is that you must clean it on a weekly basis or it will look like crap.
The 1991 Infiniti Q45 is a stupendous automobile. It offers commanding performance from a 278 hp V8, top-notch quality, and surprising reliability. There's nothing better than revving that 4.5 L V8 to the limit. It's smooth, quiet, and VERY fast. 0-60 is clocked at about 7.1 seconds. There have been minimal problems with my our Q45, the only problem was the power steering pulley, thats it! The problems with this car? Well, the rear seat is VERY cramped, especially for a car of this class and size. Also, there is no wood trim in the interior of this car, which is usually customary on large luxury sedans. Other than that, its an absolutely marvelous car.
Hi, this is an update from my last posting.  I had a problem at high RPM's and thought it was injectors or someting.  It turns out that my 'cam angle sensor' ($450) needed to be replaced.  After that was fixed, the car runs like new and will wind up to 6500 RPM no problem.  I just replaced the ugly original rims with some cool 5 spoke rims and the car looks 100% better!  Email me and I will send you a pic of my '91 Q45   The next thing I want to do is a slight custom exhaust to give this V8 some sound.  I sure would like to drive a new 2002 Q45 as they seem AWSOME!
Great car.  I bought used at 44,000 miles in 96'.  I now have 174,000 miles.  Major repairs so far have been replacing all the fuel injectors - $2,200.  Rubber fuel lines around the engine leak, and needed to be replaced.  Overall, the best car I have ever bought.  Infinity makes great cars.  Will probably look at getting an I30 next, or another used Q45.
A very good well built car but after reading the other reviews and talking with other people, I would get a 1994 or newer.
I've had this car for 6 years now and its held up quite nicely.  Tremendous power and stylish. Its lasted for 165,000 miles and still going strong. Great high end speeds and smooth ride. Lots of torque and plenty of horesepower. It also helps that i have a jim wolfe technologies transmission chip which allows me to start in first gear and take it past the redline to 7500rpm and a stillen ECU chip. Can you say very fast. If you want luxury and speed, this is the car for you. Very respectable and long lasting.
Wonderful cars can do things mere mortals can't.Example: drving about 100 mph uphill the long stretch of I 15 at 115F and 9000-9800 feet, with 2 heavy male passengers, a huge icechest, a full tank of gas,lots of luggage, the A/C on full blast with incredible smoothness and little effort.All the while, other cars are having trouble maintaining just 65 mph due to the extreme heat and altitude going uphill.Beautiful interior, very comfortable seats.ATTENTION: This is a flagship luxury V8 sports sedan that would cost new 60,000. A lot of people can afford them used that have never been exposed to such.This is the root cause of all the whining about it being expensive to maintain.There are people on this board whining about spending a couple grand shortly after purchase.What do you expect? Nothing is free when you car depreciates by 50,000 in 10 yrs there is a reason for that.Those are completely normal expenses and likely would have cost you more in a comparable BMW or Mercedes that cost more, yet are less car!When you buy a car in this class you have to expect shelling out of grand here and there for maintenance.This applies ESPECIALLY if you or the previous owner have failed to a) put in a tranny cooler if u live in an area with warm summers ( that is the entire US!) b) FREQUENTLY flush the tranny c) DO THE GUIDES TO THE CAM CHAINS!!!!!!If you own a 90-93 Q you must perform c) at no fail , it costs about $1200-1300 installed at a good independent ( dealer is much more), or you WILL lose your $12,000 engine.(This applies to 90-93's only as 94's and up have an improved design guide)
Iam only 16 i know cars better then anything else and this car is fst it is mine, i drie this Infiniti everyda. THis car has great lines and awesome prformance i have never lost a race in mycar it has 137,000 miles on itand still runnng very smooth and strong i have gone 148 mph in the car with more pedal to go i believe it wil go the 160 mph speedometer. The car handels well at high speeds and is the fastest car at about 4,500 lbs i have ever seen for a 4 door sedan luxury having more hp then the competitors. I change the oil regualarily and hav had the car checked yearly for diagnostics but they say the car is doing fine and surely i wil own this car until the engine quits running. This car i believe will go for 300,000 miles if maintained by the owner.
This car is a very good car. The exterior looks quite contemporary even though I like it better with the front grille. There is a lot of power, you could practically outpace many cars on the road. It starts on 2nd gear because it's a heavy, well built car. The fuel economy is 17/22, leaving much to be desired, but it is a 278hp, 4.5 L V8 monster. Hear it roar.. actually its more of a nice purr. My uncle is giving the car to me as I go to college, and I am only 17, and this is my first car. Yes, a $60,000 car that has no depreciated to under $4,000 that is my first car... a beautiful dark marroon with tan interior leather, wood accents. Very nice. He has told me its been pretty reliable for him, and I hope its the same to me. I drove it for the first time by myself on some long empty roads and the freeway, and the power is very good. Acceleration could be better, but it is a heavy car. I would recommend this car because its a steal at less than $5,000. Most of you will find out that it loses value very very rapidly. Wish me luck with this car, I hope I will have enough money for gas.
The only real problems I've had with this car have been related to the dealer. I now go to private mechanics.The car itself is a beauty. Few real problems and it is as solid as a rock. It would be a hard car to replace. At 17,000.00, I would have a hard time finding something comparable. The very fast and powerful 4.5 liter v8 comes from Nissan's racing division and the car itself is Nissan's version of a BMW 740 series. If I do get another car, it will probably be that. In the the meantime, I have 155,000 miles on mine and it still drives like new. I think I can wait a few more years. Besides, my girlfriend has threatened to leave me if I ever sell my car.
I RECOMMEND IT IF YOU CAN FIND A USED ONE. THEY DEPPRECIATE A LOT IN PRICE AND THAT IS GOOD IF YOU ARE IN THE MARKET FOR A USED INFINITI. YOU WILL NOT FIND A CAR WITH MORE POWER AND LUXURY FOR THE SAME PRICE. PICK-UP /ACCELERATION ARE AWESOME AND THE CAR SEEMS TO HAVE UNLIMITED AVAILABLE POWER RESERVE. IT HAS AN AWESOME V-8 WITH CLOSE TO 280 HORSES. IT IS RECOMMENDED TO USE PREMIUM GASOLINE (CAN BE COSTLY, ALMOST $2 IN N.Y. THESE DAYS). THE BOSE STEREO WITH ITS 4 APMLIFIES SPEAKERS IS EXCELLENT TOO, GREAT POWER, NO NEED FOR UPGRADES.
I bought mine used as they don't seem to hold their value well. If you can find a good used one jump on it. I don't personally have 50,000.00 for one of these new. At 50,00.00 it is just so so. If you can get it for below 30,000.00 it is a great deal.
Nissan makes decent cars, but they are less reliable than Honda, if you think buying an Infiniti (luxury) will give better reliability, think again, they use Nissan parts and they fall apart just the same. I had replaced the whole braking system including the ABS, and its very expensive. The Bose sterio system wasn't any good either. Not recommended. 
My q45 is real nice lookin. It has about 278 hp v8. Rear wheel drive and positraction. A little too much power for me especially when you burn it around a corner and the back wheels come up from under you and swerve like crazy. Interior is perfect. White outside with black and grey leather interior and the BOSE sound system. That sux because in order to put in the big speakers, amp, deck, and all the good stuff you have to take all of that stuff out. if not it will whine when you accelerate. Overall great car.
I recommend this car to anyone who appreciates a driver's car.  Although you will get a good deal on it's initial purchase price, be prepared to spend $2000 annually plus another $2000 in the first year to get the car in good condition and avoid future devastating repair bills.  Try to find one that has the updated chain guides (for 1990-93 models) and an under 40k second (or third) transmission.  These are critical and are by far the biggest problems you will have with this car.  I have made the following modifications and highly recommend them to any Q owner: 1.) Installed a transmission cooler and bypassed the radiator altogether and flushed with synthetic (Mobile 1) ATF. 2.) Installed a 20mm (from an active model Q) rear stabilizer bar to reduce the body roll and make the suspension feel more neutral (being careful in the rain, of course). 3.) Installed a Jim Wolf Technologies transmission control unit (TCU-hi-shift) so the car starts in first and holds each gear slightly longer.  I spend about $2000/year to keep it in 95% new condition.  This car, unlike any other I have owned, responds noticeably well to maintenance and will hurt your wallet if you neglect it.  Oil must be changed (even if using synthetic) every 3500 miles because the relatively small oil filter reaches its capacity and is no longer functioning if allowed to go to 5000 miles between changes (just look at the oil when you fill up, and you'll know when it's time to change it).  This car feels extremely safe and stable even at high speeds, has excellent cornering and maneuverability, and, considering its weight, has quite respectable acceleration.  It is quiet, and at least the front seats are roomy.  The back is only as roomy as most midsize sedans, and the trunk is smaller than that of a Honda Accord.  The exhaust is very quiet, but, as is the case with most Nissans, the induction system seems a bit noisy for a luxury car.  With 155,000 miles, it loses no measurable amount of oil between changes.  I have owned new cars that lose a quart between changes.  Expect to replace the crankcase and valve cover seals, as well as all of the hoses since these are item that deteriorate with age.  Although the car is twice as expensive as a regular Japanese car to maintain, it is still about half as expensive as a European car to keep up.  Also, unlike European cars, the parts are easy to get, al
I bought this car used in 1995. It had 40,000 miles on the odometer. It was a great car from 40,000 to 120,000 miles.  Tuneups were expensive 1000.00 at 30,000 mile intervals but other thatn tht the car ran like a top. Since 120,000 I have had 3 1000.00 repair bills in a row.  I still think it is a great car but as it gets older it is expensive to maintain. The parts are a killer.
This is the perfect car. It is very refined,comfortable and fast. Last week I raced a friend who owned a V-tec prelude with all the options. I killed him, he never had a chance. This is the first luxury car I've owned and I'm very pleased. When I was looking for this car my other choice was the Lexus sc400. I think I made the correct decision.
This car has been amazingly trouble-free, considering I just passed 208,000 miles.  Bought it 2 years ago at 174,000 miles.  I've driven it from L.A. to Boulder and back 3 times, and thoroughly enjoyed each trip.  The previous owner took great care of the car--it honestly still looks almost new.  I have yet to meet someone who isn't shocked when I tell them the age and mileage of the car.  Yes, I've put some money into it, but only for things that wore out (brakes, tires, hoses, OEM suspension).   Except for an ignition circuit breaker ($8) this car has yet to break down on me.
Due to only having this car for 2 months, I dont feel comfortable giving or denying a recommendation. I simply wish I had not bought it.
Great car when everything is working fine.Fun to drive and looks like a lot more money than what you'll pay for it.Worst nightmare in time and $$ when it starts to fall apart.
Excellent car, even though I have only owned it for one week. Excellent acceleration, and the car doesn't feel like it is 'leaning backwards' when you accelerate. The Voice interaction takes some getting used to, but if you are a futuristic gadget freak such as I, you will LOVE it.Wife LOVES the interior...
Excellent torque but the car lack the stability on the freeway especially when you are turning and using the brakes. i sold this car finally but I dont think it is worth the price
Good car for the money..
I am very impressed with this car, the value, the ride, the performance and the interior comfort. It is NOT a Mercedes 500, or BMW 750i but it is not at that pricepoint either. As a value, definitly a 10!
This car (92') was great up to about 70K.  It felt sportier than my current car (BMW 740), corners just as good, acceleration is slightly quicker.  But so many problem to deal with when this car ages.  No where close to the reliabilty of the Lexus LS400, not as good as the Benz or the BMW either.  
Lexus rules !!!!!  Amazing car, powerfull, luxury !!!   4300 cc on the road.. the best ever!
My GS has a lot of raw power...extremely nice appointments.  I had to replace tires after 7000 miles, road noise wasa extreme. Tried to get dealer to explain why new tires so fast, nothing but silence from them.  When I put on new tires had alignment checked and 3 of the 4 wheels were out of alignment?
I had decided no more Japanese cars that was until I saw the GS 430. I was pretty set on buying the BMW 540. After looking at features like price, performance, reliability, customer satisfaction my mind was made up.   And this was one of the best purchases I had ever made. This car is awesome; strong acceleration and the brakes  are excellent (almost as good as on my 98 911). The quality of build is very high and the interior is well designed and comfortable. The Navigation system is easy to use and very accurate and worth the price. And the Mark Levinson is out of this world. Well I never thought I would ever buy a Lexus, but I am extremely glad I did. My friends who drive Mercedes envy me. They paid more and got less than I did.
This car is the one car you will probably ever need in life.  Great onm ice, with traction control.  If you can find a well made car at that price that compares, I will be surprised, if that car is better.  If looking for an exclusive car, and dont know where to look.  Look no furter.
This is superb car, top notch engineering and design, amazingly quiet, roomy and comfortable, and powerful. I can drive it all day without fatigue, it is so smooth and quiet. It is comparable to the Mercedes S-500 and the BMW 540, but I would prefer it to either of these German cars. It's quieter than the BMW, a bit quicker than the Mercedes, cheaper than both, and the expected reliability is higher.It is not great on curvy roads, the suspension is relatively soft and it has considerable body roll, almost like a Cadillac. But that's not what it's made for. On the freeway it is great, super smooth and quiet with plenty of torque and power.It's a lot like the GS400, only just a tad smoother and quieter with the new, larger V8 engine.Putnam Lexus was the only dealer I found in the bay area peninsula that would deal in price (everyone else wanted MSRP), and I ended up paying a few thousand less than MSRP for this car.It's one of the best made cars money can buy, and considerably cheaper than any comparable car, which in my book gives it a '5' in both categories.
Over-all this is a great car. With the added L-Tune package you can't go wrong.
I would definately NOT recommend this car, due to its horrendous reliablilty and make-shift quality
Nice car, but seems very similar to a Toyota with nicer trip. Acceleration, handling, and ride are all good, but not great.
WWWWWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!
I thought I would never drive a Lexus until I bought my GS430.  It's powerful, quiet and comfortable.  The signature Lexus service is awsome.  I still have a BMW 540i, X5 3.0 and an Audi A4 2.8 Quatro in my garge, and I like my GS the most.  By the way, the insurance permium on the GS is unexpected low too.
I simply love my GS-430. I bought it as a christmas present to myself last year, and I could not have made a better choice. It is by far the fastest 4 door sedan I have ever driven. I was originally looking at the E55 AMG mercedes. For the money the Lexus blows this car out of the water. I have a fully loaded GS complete with marc levinson audio and navigation for far less than the E55.
NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE,  Very fast, and nice. But... about 2 weeks after getting this sweet car I was confronted by a Benz E55 AMG took me in a race.. SO.... I have the car at my toyota dealer getting every TRD and L-Tuned part they could think of put on it. Including a Stillen Supercharger. We'll see what happens when I find that fella with the E55.  I just put some 20' Lowenhart rims on it at they look GREAT. 
I had a '95 GS 300 and loved it, except I simply did not like the Inline six - not enough power for a car that heavy.  Other than my personal preference of engine, I thought at that time that the GS 300 was the best car I had ever driven - until I took delivery of my GS 430 - complete with Nav system which I love.This car is nearly beyond description - in literally every category. The power is incredible, the transmission shifts like no other I have ever felt.  This car from a mechanical standpoint is flawless. I never thought I would be able to say that about a car, I'm very picky. 'Amazing' is a word I can use to describe the GS 430.After having driven them all - BMW, Mercedes, economy cars, muscle cars, foreign and domestic, this one is a perfect blend of class, performance, and handling.  Nothing else has compared.  I think I insulted the Mercedes dealer after the test drive when I told them that their E 430 Sport was far inferior to the GS 430 - no comparison.  And they wanted more money! For WHAT?  I love the GS 430 and appreciate its many options, features, and performance characteristics.
In my opinion Lexus makes the best cars for the money on the planet.  They simply do not break.  This car is uniquely but not overly styled, and has maybe the best V8 engine I've ever sat behind.  The automoatic transmission shifts imperceptibly, and the body and chassis are as solid as a bank vault.  The engine is whisper quiet except under acceleration, when it makes a pleasing muted snarl.  I plan to drive this car a long, long time, Lord willing.
I think the best car in its class.The quitest car and goodlookin too.Immence power.infact my car is an ARISTO which is a twin turbo.so the power is wwoooooww....
Excellent car, exceptional quality and friendly dealer servivce. Makes MB and BMW owners jealous all the time. Dissing GS does not make MB/BMW better. When GS pulls ahead, it floats away from the rest. Nak system takes driver all the way near heaven. L-tuned suspension makes GS4 way ahead of the E430/BMW540.
I really wanted to like this car. I really did. For 90% of the people out there this car will be fabulous. Don't get me wrong, there is nothing really wrong with this car except for the fact that it's boring. It drives like a Grandpa car. 0-60 in 5.7 secs and 14.2 in the 1/4 mile are nothing to scoff at but it doesn't feel fast because the car tries to do everything TOO smoothly. When you floor the gas pedal or do an emergency lane change it takes what seems like an eternity to downshift and then smoothly provides the acceleration. I was almost rear ended twice because the car took too long to shift. The shiftronic buttons on the steering wheel are useless. The transmission takes your upshift/downshift commands as suggestions and doesn't shift when you want it to. It will also not let you downshift into first gear. This might be why later year models didn't have this feature. The ride though is silky smooth. Seats are very comfortable. Fuel economy is what it's expected to be for a V8. Headlights and sound system is very good. Love the heated seats. But handling and performance is very grandpa car-esque. Feels like an old floaty Buick despite the low profile 17' performance tires. I drove it for 60K miles. In that time I had an alternator, tie rod, and wheel bearing go bad. Can't really complain about that. If you pay someone to change your oil they will charge you more to remove the under carriage shield to access the oil filter. I'm currently looking for a GS430. Probably won't keep it long but will make for a reliable daily driver.
I bought this car because it was cheaper. What a mistake. I wish I had paid more money and purchased BMW instead. The power is rated at 300bhp but the actual drivability is not as good as my friend's BMW's 284bhp. Its power must be overrated. The manual shift selectors are good ideas but badly executed. The shifting is too slow and the positions are not optimal. The VSC is way too sensitive. I have numerous problems with my car: front wheel shimmy, door locks sometimes refuse to lock, rattles... The dealer's service is quite nice but they still haven't fixed the problems after several visits. Lexus are NOT driver's car they wanted you to think. This is my first and absolutely my last.
This is my dads new car and i'm so glad he got it!  The first day we got it i took it out on the tollway and what do you know- I got a ticket!  The 400 is one fast car and it becomes addicting to drive it.  We previously owned a caddy sts, which is very nice and powerful as well but the 400 takes it.  I would recommend this car to anyone but be ready to have your kids and wife asking to drive it all the time!
This car has exceeded my expectations.  The service at Lexus of Smithtown in INCREDIBLE.  The car is solid, quick, and handles very well.  I tested the 5 series before the GS.  The 528 was too slow and the 540 was too expensive (although very nice).  I also considered the new STS (had one already and the quality is not up to the imports) and Q45 (lacking the performance). The best performing sedan in its price range.
I am trying to trade this car for an AUDI S4 , I test drove one and it drives alot better . What lexus doesnt tell you is thatthe car loses about 10 to 15% of its value the moment you drive itoff the lot. I reccomend this car for anyone who likes to go crusing.You can put twin turbos on a GS300 , its has a I6 supra motor. 
(1999 Model) - This car is a quiet, comfortable screamer.  Set a bead between cars a quarter mile up the freeway, and it scoots into the slot at 90-100mph - they're going to yank my license soon if I don't slow down.  I can't believe the fanatical Lexus customer service, after years of dealing with independent shops for other cars.  The car has the lights/17'' wheels/Nakamichi package, so it's well-equipped. (I tested the navigation option, and found it cool but overly complex; a solution in search of a problem.) The car seems to define perfection - everything works beyond expectation, and there are few compromises in quality or engineering.  There are lots of other options out there from BMW, Audi, etc., but this one is good on execution and service.
I got a 1999 GS400 a few monhs ago after much research and deliberation. I'm only 21 years old so this was quite the purchase for me. But I'm also a car enthusiast so it's not only my transportation but also my hobby.    Overall a great car. Has some strengths and some weaknesses. A few more weaknesses than I expected from the quality\class-leading Lexus nameplate. But I still wouldn't even dream of trading this car in for any of its competitors (BMW 540i, Audi A6, Infiniti M45, etc, etc).    The car is incredibly well sound-proofed. But it still lets enough noise in to keep the driver aware of their environment. The same with vibrations... they are very dampened but still there enough to communicate with the driver. The engine on this thing is nearly inaudible at idle and still very quiet even at wide open throttle.    -The automatic transmission is bar-none the smoothest and most seemless transmission I've ever driven.    -Gets great gas milage for a V8 in a large car (I get from 19 to 24 depending on conditions)    -Seating and overall ergonomics are very comfortable    -Stereo (Nakamichi) sounds GREAT. I have a $4k+ stereo in my other vehicle and while the bass isn't nearly on par in volume or clarity, the midrange and higher frequencies and their imaging are BETTER in my opinion.    -Reliability so far is questionable. I'll put it to you this way. I've had the car for 4 months and already the dealer knows my name by the sound of my voice. The waterpump broke, paint has peeled off a small place on the dash, both front (HID) headlights have taken in a bunch of moisture, and there are a several 'creeks' 'pops' and 'rattles' that occur over various rough road conditions- although I attribute this moreso to the car being so silent inside- you can hear the tiniest noise.    Also the car has DIED on me 4 times already just from ordinary driving. It only does it when the lights and A/C are both off and only when I'm at a complete stop or just barely moving (1-2 MPH).  The dealer has been great and fixed all of the aforemetioned issues EXCEPT for the dying which they are stumped on. They also claim they've never heard of GS400s doing this. However at www.clublexus.com there is a poll going and ~60 out of 100 people that responded to the poll said they're having the same issue, so I think there is something weird going on here.
Bought the car fully opt out with Navi and 18' aftermarket wheels. So I haven't have much to work on besides a little tweeking of the engine. I just love the quietness of the car 'What a luxury car should be like'. Step on the pedal a bit harder will pin you against the seat. Had the car for 5 mo. now and not a single problem with it.
I Owned the gs300 and now own the GS400 which is a mightyful beast, i love it.  I love the power and appearance of my GS400. It's a real sexy lookin car inside out and i hope they dont screw up its looks in the upcoming remodeling of the GS  No other cars can test or come close to the GS 400. The cobra mustangs are faster but they are a filthy looking car same goes for the firebirds.
This car is quiet, rock solid and has more than enough power to go around.  The GPS system is really useful.  Once you start using it you'll wonder how you ever got around with out it.  Maps?  what are they.  Anyway, if you get this call youll be far from dissapointed.  I would also like to comment on this front wheel shimmy some of my fellow car lovers are talking about.  No to be rude but these people really don't know anything about cars, either that or they're used to driving geo metros.  This wheel pull has nothing to do with the car it has to do with the roads these peopel are driving on the GS 400 has 245 or 255 front tires, these are really fat tires, and the fatter the tires the more prone they are to get cought in road grooves, that's all that happening is that you're beging pulled into divets in the road.  Nothing dangerous.  I guess all these guys are just used to driving their bimmers with 225 front tires.  The 255 wheel pull is a small price to pay for the added traction.  You don't see people in ferrari testarossa complaining abouth the hheel pull with their 315 tires now do you?
   I have 25,000 miles on this car after 18 mos. of use.  I am quite pleased with it overall.  The 235/45 17' tires do grab into grooves and ruts in the road, but do make the car handle better.  For winter, I use 215/60 Blizzak MZ02's on Lexus GS300 take-offs.  I was satisfied with these winter tires last year, although it didn't snow much.    Yes, I would have liked a BMW M5, but they're $70k and probably not as practical for day-to-day use, and I use this car everyday for everything.     Other than oil changes, air and a/c filters, and tires and wheels,  the only other expense will be $100.00 for the wheel alignment I'm getting tomorrow morning.  It seems my tires wore on the inside much more than the outside, at least on the front.  So, I'll be getting a new set of summer tires in the Spring.  No big deal. Overall, a very satisfying vehicle to own.
Best sports sedan in the world to-date, particularly if one cares for freedom of using other hand for cell phone or drinking coffee. Great ownership experience, superb chasis with phenomenal acceleration 'Thurst' and breaking. On the otherhand, great ride and unbelievable Nakamichi sound system. I am getting my M5 at end of April, 2001. I am seriously considering getting the GS 'L-tuned' and purchase it. All figures will be comparable to M5 (except for 0-60 will be slightly slower) and cost will be exactly half of that of Bimmer!?
Recently purchased this vehicle.   My initial impressions is that this is a true 'sports sedan.'   It has elements of both a sports car and a sedan.  It is quick, fast, maneuvers relatively well and goes where it is pointed.   On the other hand, it has sedan qualities such as a fairly good, quiet ride, comfort and has many of the desired amenities such as CD, leather seats, wood trim (could use a bit more), etc.
This car is a equal competitor to the BMW 540 sport.  Some will prefer the BMW while others the Lexus.  Sticker on the Car was 51000 (paid 48000 when the car was just released).  Overall, the car is amazing.  You get used to the smooth ride, quality sound system, incredible handling, awesome breaks, quiet environment and super fast engine.  Whenever you test drive other cars, everything seems a step down in comparison (Audi 6 and 8 bimmer 5 series, MB E class)(New S class Merc however is still the ultimate.  Drive one and you'll see).  BMW has a more sporty feeling but doesn't feel as refined as the lexus.  MB similiar.  I was considering a trade in for a X5 4.4 liter but the amount of wind noise in this Bimmer was annoying after driving the lexus for 2 years.  Overall, the best car I've ever owned as a day to day car.  I recommend this car to any car lover who can afford one.  
I traded in my '93 SC400 with 186,000 miles on it, for this one with 86,000. The car came with the upgraded 17' wheels, and gave a decent ride, but I recently upgraded those to the '06 18' 5-spokes. Handling and looks went up, ride quality went down. About an even trade. This car is nearly silent compared to the SC. Fit and finish on this car is exemplary, the wood looks perfect! One thing about Lexuses, they never put out anything that doesn't have every detail thought out, and their cars just get better and better. I recently drove a new Caddy STS and at 8 years newer with ALL the gizmos, I would still rather take my GS. The car is next to silent, very powerful and comfortable. The only complaint I have was the low-grade stock (non-Nakamichi) stereo which I upgraded and the transmission. While smooth as glass, it's a little hesitant due to the fact that Lexus takes luxury over sportiness when designing cars. But that is the tiniest of nitpicks. I would take this car over any of it's competitors. I think I'm sold for life on Lexus.
Test driving all kinds of cars,I                                         kept going back to the lexus.I think itis a fabulous car.
I've owned this car since it was out at the first place and I'm very pleased by its performance and quality. I got it for a deal great with my trade in. 5.8 seconds from 0 - 60. This is impressive. After TC upgrade and engine ECU/intake with proper launching method, G-Tech showed its 0 - 60 5.0 +- 0.1 seconds. GS is a bit high compared with others so I installed TEIN HA coilover and this car looks great and also the handling is improved (I adjusted it to be stiffer than stock)! Often time my friends are surprised I already start the engine. It's so quiet that they didn't even notice. During the regular cruising down the street, it's quiet as well. Maintenance. That's another main factor why I chose Lexus over BMW and Mercedes. I owned a blue 97 M3 and it has way too many electronic problems. I will never purchase a BMW 'til they improve. Quality. This car is solid. Unlike my M3 and my parents' S500, no problem occurs at all. I strongly recommend GS430 to anyone who is looking into performance, quality and price. 
I have mixed feelings about this car.  I have owned several performance cars and this one is right up there.  I have been excited about the quality and the overall look and handeling.  On the other hand, the weaknesses detailed above are real and I am surprised to have these with such a quality automobile.
I love this car.  I'd recommended to everyone and anyone.
The 2001 Lexus is a great car, althought i have only had it for two weeks, it still amazes me, i feel safe while driving it, the suspension is highly responsive, sturdy, and smootle, while it waits too long to upshift sometimes, it has no problem getting to about seventy miles per hour is about six seconds. The exterior has a wealth of beauty as it glides through the air, smoothly, yet quick. The 16' wheels provide a very smoothe ride, very fluid like, but being a teenager, i had to get the $3200 Summer tires, they are awe inspiring! My silver GS 430 has brought many eyes to my path, which is percisely what the agressive styling should do. The stereo undoubtably the best out on the market for a factory installed option. 240-watts, and a 10' subwoofter makes the mirrors jump with any volume. The Navigation system is a must for any lexus, or high end car, but they are seemingly still having some trouble with Global Positioning Systems, for some reason i am driving about a quarter of an inch off of the roadways, but only on my street, 60 miles from the nearest civilized area. Overall this is an awesome car, i would reccomend it to anyone who can afford it, even if you can't, LEASE! lexus has a great value, and a great car to offer anyone...
If you want the fastest 4 door car in the world (production) with great reliability and a tight feel all around, you definetely want the GS430. Don't even bother with the BMW 540 - engine is not as reliable as the GS430 (every year I hear from clients about some repair bill that they are deducting for tax purposes)Most importantly, no car maker has matched Toyota's ability to produce the smoothest shifting transmission in its engines, which is so evident in the GS430.
I have received numbers of emails regarding the modification I have done with my GS430 so far. (1)Intake, K&N filter with heat shield/ECU (2)Precision Industries Torque Converter (3)Eibach ProKit Spring (4)Bilstein Shocks (5)Custom Carbon Fiber Front Strut Bar (5)Borla S/S Exhaust (6)Platinum tint (7)RMM Rear Spoiler.There are a lot of mod you could do with GS. Supercharger, anti-sway bar, coilover, differential, valve body upgrade, break and etc.Keep in mind that once you install those aftermarket parts, your warranty goes bye bye. The only aftermarket parts that won't break the warranty is L-Tune (www.l-tuned.com), but you have to install the parts at Lexus dealer. L-Tune spring is actually Eibach ProKit Spring but more expansive. L-Tune shock is made by KYB (only carry 1 year warranty while Bilstein has life-time warranty and also the best quality) L-Tune ECU, IMO, totally useless when you upgrade your suspension system. Your car is already stiff enough that adding an controlling ECU effects in a very limited way. I don't know many people who have L-Tune exhaust so I could not offer any info but I like my Borla a lot! The dyno shows it adds 11 hp! I could keep on talking all kind of modification for weeks! I highly recommend you to visit the forums at www.superlexus.com and www.clublexus.com where I spend most of the time there. I hope that this post could clear some questions you have. Take care.GSRacer
Great driving car. Don't miss the BMW convertible one bit.
Car is great to look at, but the irritating issue has been the tires. We had problems beginning at 8500 miles ended up with a cut tire at around 13,000 in which the tire dealership stated it was defective. The tire company replaced the tire. The tires needed to be replaced at that point. The lexus dealership (Jacksonville) offered no monetary assistance unless we replaced with run flats. They sent me a quote for regular tires & the reviews actually said that the survey showed that the customers who had that tire would not purchase them again. So much for advice. My Lexus is setting in my garage with another cut tire ( same wheel; looks like an identical cut). I now suspect that the wheels are causing the problems. I have not hit any large pot holes but I'm sure I have driven on rough highways. I live in a rural setting & no one stocks this tire, even in Tallahassee , Fla, which is where I had my first issue. I was towed home. My car will now be towed to the Macon dealership & I will never recommend the Lexus of Jacksonville as they have been absolutely no help. I've owned 2 infiniti's & the service was always great.
What an amazing car! One day I will purchase this baby on my own--> but for now I'm in school and I have a ways to go before I start making sc 430 money. I just wanted to write a review-- and pretend I owned the sc 430 just for kicks. Yeah, feel free to buy me one if you like :) I'm just kidding, if you have this car, I'm happy for you, I hope you enjoy it.
Great look, terrific handling and acceleration. No front end. Be prepared to replace $400 tires long before they wear out. Hard top goes automatically into trunk within 30 seconds. Fun to drive but please do not hit anything a normal city street. Great show room drive. However, when you hit a pebble you will know it and be prepared to go into your pocket to replace very expensive tires that never go flat.
This car is great...I feel very safe when driving this car...corner's well a great road car...drove down to San Diego it was a terrific ride. Top down all the way!
This is ONE AMAZING CAR. Typical of Lexus  luxury and reliability are givens. But add a powerful 300 hp v8 and a hardtop convertible and you have one FUN and rewarding package. And it looks great and draws admirers wherever you go. Compared to other costly sport and luxury cars (porsche,mercedes,BMW) I think this is a great blend of luxury and sport and well worth it's hefty price.......great value!!
Purchased my Lexus SC 430 from the local dealer. Certified auto.  Excellent car with only one fault.  The ride is somewhat firm and stiff even with relatively ride friendly Michelin Pilots (standard tires).  Definitely, not quite up to the standards of the usual Lexus ride.  Otherwise, the car is great fun to drive.  The car accelerates nicely, shifts very smoothly, takes turns fairly well (though there is some body roll), and has great interior and exterior ambience and looks.  The wood trim in the interior is very well done.  The leather is of good quality and relatively soft.  Controls are well placed and easy to use.  The Mark Levinson stereo system is clear and strong; probably the best stereo system I have ever heard in a car.  The navigation system is superb, but expensive to update (DVD based).  The hard top convertible is fantastic; works flawlessly and raises/lowers fairly quickly.  The car is VERY quiet with the top up (closed).  Even with the top down, noise levels are moderate and the wind is not too instusive into the passenger area. All in all, a well crafted vehicle and one of the very best cars I have ever driven and owned.
What an awesome vehicle! I specifically wanted a hard top convertible and looked at the Pontiac G6 but the price was over 40 grand from the dealer who sniffed I would have to wait in line!  I then found an autobroker who mentioned I should look at the Lexus and then promptly found a beautiful used one with less than 19K miles on it.
Perfect car for this South Florida envirnonment, lots of straight roads put this car into it's element, cruising. Powerful, quite, elegant, stylish and well engineered goes a long way to satisfy all of your senses. Almost perfect for the personal luxury car because of its design, construction and reliability. My only criticism would be that my car seens to wander, being sensitive to all road services but much more nervous than I would expect from a Lexus. Maybe an alignment will address this issue.
If you don't want people staring at you I wouldn't purchase this car. I've had a blind man compliment me on this beast. I can't say I've owned a porsche or high end mercedes, but I can say that when you pull up next to one you've got there attention.
AWESOME! I've had ragtop convertibles in the past & this new retractable hardtop takes the cake! Tighter ride & feel than Porche, Mercedes SL & Jag XK series - and I've had them all.
Most perfect luxury sport coupe on the market. I bought the car brand new in '99, and have had almost 5 years of trouble free service.
i had to trade it back to the dealer and take my business elsewhere.everyday im thankful i got that load of garbage off my hands, since then, the local lexus dealership has yet to sell that car
Got an incredible price on this car, under 40,000 with 6000 miles, but if I hadn't I would have shelled out the 60,000 for a new one. Warning, once you have one you can't go back. Expensive but my 93 still looked and ran like new when I sold it after 6 years, so the overall cost isn't much more than repairing and replacing lesser cars.
not as reliable as I thought it would be. It is underpowered and as the years go by it seems like the engine is losing compression.
Bought the sc300 3 years ago with 48,000 for 12.000. It was in an accident thus the reasonable price and low miles.i changed all its fluids and replaced the timing belt at time of purchase and in years have had one repair for rear shocks and it just turned 80,000miles. the car runs and handles great. just returned from trip to FL from PA with side trips along the way logged in 2800miles got 26.6 miles to the gallon and on interstate I 95 averaged 76 mph. for the heck of it on an empty stretch pushed the car to 125 though acceleration was slow above 100, the car ran smooth and still had a bit to go above 125 but I ran out of nerve lol. it has timeless styling and is confortable. For those of you who own this fine car go to the lexus owners club web site for great information on how to keep this and other lexuses running great. Buy a lexus used and save a bundle would be my advise to anyone.but be careful do your homework,
Awesome car! Well worth the money. Car is more than 4 years old and far superior to many cars you can purchase today. In fact you will have to spend thousands more just to get something comparable. She handles like a dream, as good as a vette! Though the SC300 has one of Toyotas best 6 cylinder engines, she is a little slow due to its weight. Same engine as the Supra, minus the Turbo, but has potential. Extremely comfortable with many amenities. Leather is very nice, softer than a BMW and one of the most comfortable seats I ever sat in. Sporty, yet luxurious. Sound system is impressive for a stock system and has common speaker sizes with 1  5-channel amp.(all upgradable if you desire). Again...this is an awesome car and well worth the money. Great body style. Sporty with out loosing its touch of class.  A+
Bought this car in 2002 it was a pre-certified one owner vehicle. Have nothing but good things to say about this vehicle as of this time, drive one and all your questions will be answered. this has to be the best used vehicle I have ever bought and believe these will be a sought after car that they are no longer made.
This car is as smooth as they come, but with a little pep to remind you its a sports car. This is my second lexus and as always they have been the best cars i have driven. The sc300 not only looks good, but gives you that sporty feel while still in a luxury car. Not to mention the car gets alot of looks which is always important. Suprisingly, did well in the winter for a rear wheel drive car here in buffalo which is as bad as it can get (however did put a pair of top of the line pirrelli's on the back).You can't go wrong with this car unless you can get your hands on a sc400 which has the V8. people hold onto these cars and with good reason. This car will be a classic.
Buy one of these cars...and hold on to it. I firmly believe this car is well on its way to becoming a classic.
I have had my pantie puller for over a year ,classy,Reliable,and well priced for the product. The only complain i have is about the cost of the little parts that break.
I purchased this sc300 with less than 10K mi. from a dealer. It's lipstick red with black leather. I've about 77K miles and put nearly all of them on it. I'm retired now and was shopping for new cars so decided to look at car reviews. You can be a believer that most people who see a 95 Lexus coupe thinks it's a newish car. I can't find 'anything' that compares with this car for less than three times what I can sell it for. I have used standard (reg) unleaded gas since 95 wihtout so much as a ping or performance problem. I had one warranty repair; a leaky rear tail light (R). I have done basic service (synthetic oil) since new, replaced the serpentine belt, and had the tran. fluid flushed. Haven't even done the brakes yet! I get a few squeeks from the rubber busings in the suspension system but other than that tiny issue the car has been 'el perfecto'. I'm either going to sell it just because I've had it so long or bite the bullet and do some recommended service. (timing belt about $450).
I bought this car new in 1995. 110K miles later she's still going strong. Slowly things are beginning to wear. And I am faced with huge repair bills, $400 for a power steering pump. Despite this I am glad I bought this car.
Purchased with 82,000 miles. Best car I ever owned, runs better most most new cars I tried-out. The power button when used with the pedal to the medal can give off several g-forces and reach 100 mph very quikly. To boot the car has nothing but classy looks inside and out. Chicks love it.
Let me begin by saying that I love this car. Honestly, I bought it because it looked good, but after driving it, I understand why Lexus owners swear by them. The ride is so smooth! It takes road defects with the greatest of ease. The engine is very quite, both inside of the car, and when you're standing outside. I was checking out the headlights one day, and told a friend to start the car... it was already started. That's a cool realization.    As for the interior, there are a couple if wear and tear issues, such as the paint next to the knobs. Also, the LCD is a fuzzy due to, what I think was, incompatible cleaner.    This car costs a ton to fix! Not only fix, but to replace the key is going to cost me ~$400.
There is no question that the chick factor is present, every woman I pass will at least take a glance, a but the engine is weak.  It seems like everybody on the road is driving a Bee-mr or Benz, so its a breath of fresh air on the road, that everybody likes to look at.  I bought it with 35k MI, and I feel it has the best purchase I ever made.  
Ive had this car for almost 2 years now and I can't say anything bad about it. I love the way it feels, its a perfect blend of performance and luxury. If u have the $$$, try to buy a 98 or above sc400 (290 hp V8) b/c the sc300 is a bit lacking in power. The transmission is unbelieveable..it loves holding the revs if you can modulate the throttle. Wax it nicely, and change the wheels and people will think its a 99 or 2000 (this sounds crazy but i still get 'looks' and 'stares' when its clean and waxed). I replaced the stock 15' wheels with 16' aluminum alloys and bridgestone potenza performance all-seasons...the handling increased 3-fold!!! I also put in piaa xtreme-white bulbs b/c with the projector headlamps..it looks like HID. Stock stereo is way ahead of its time for stock systems. For the rest, see below......
Very powerful... It had a torque convertor and upgraded ECU... Pulls like no other.... Very nice...
I wanted a Japanese car that was fast (4 bangers aren't fast enough for me), but not as gas consuming as an American beasty car.  I needed something with crisp handling and comfortability for long rides without getting butt craps.  The Lexus SC was perfect for me.  Not too conservitive not too showy.  You really can't go wrong with a Lexus...
I purchased this car from an older couple. They never drove it. I paid 17k, It only has 42,000(original) miles on the clock. The car was always garaged so its in prime conditon. (From reading other reviews I see alot of people had to replace their power steering pump and alternator, if any one can give some input as to why this happens!)Other than that the car is great. I get alot of attention.
$40,000 (1994).  I would recommend it to anyone who likes largeluxury cars but doesnt need the room of one.  It's powerful, sexy, and very attractive to the opposite sex.  Besides somemaintenance problems, I found this car very enjoyable and satisfying.
This is an extremely nice car whose design sets it apart from all other cars.  You're not going to get the same power as 6-cylinder beamers, but beamers are a dime a dozen.  This is a fairly unique vehicle which comes loaded with options.  Being a 20 year-old college student with a Lexus is a fun experience.  I'm not saying you'll get more women with this car, but you'll definitely be getting more attention.  I've driven a 1994 BMW 325 convertible which is much faster and more fun to drive, but it's not as sophisticated and sexy as the Lexus.  If you have the means, go ahead and opt for the sc400 so you can go head to head with the Mercedes and BMWs.
I would definitely recommend this vehicle (used) to anyone looking for a very high quality sports coupe.  The ride is incredible and very comfortable without losing any road feel.  Although new it is a bit steep (and definitely out of my price range), with the quality of Lexus, I had absolutely no qualms about about purchasing this 6 year old car.  The only aftermarket accessories have been to upgrade the stereo with an Alpine unit and subwoofer, and to install the Alpine 'Mobile Mayday' GPS satellite-location and emergency response system, (much more capable than LoJack).  Living in NJ, Mobile-Mayday is almost a must-have. 
This is a nice car with a fine balance between performance and comfort.  I would recommend it, but only if an extended warranty (100k) is included to cover the cost of the power steering pump that WILL break.
Buy it if you want speed, reliability, comfort and a new sense of style!  The ladies really like seeing a young guy (or old guy) in any lexus, the fact that it's a sporty coupe makes you look even better!  So if you're looking for a perfect car, here it is, a lexus SC400!  Hey, at 13000 what would you rather drive, an unreliable, underpowered north american heap (no offense to those who like NA cars) or a lexus?  I'd say that's a fairly simple question and I'd expect a rather simple answer!
Would be a great coupe with more power. I bought the SC300 because I wanted the 5-speed. I probably would have been happier with the SC400. The car is smooth, but at 60mph it feels like my '97 540 at 85. Still, for the $ 18k I paid two years and 25k miles ago, it has been a nice ride.
Paid $28,000 CDN (approx. $19,000 US) with 110,000km (70,000 miles).My SC400 now has 144,000km and I have only had to do oil changes and a brake service. The car performs flawlessly and is still a pleasure to drive.My only complaint is that speed is difficult to gauge due to the quiet, effortless ride - I get too many speeding tickets!I highly recommend this car for anyone that desires total comfort, with a surprisingly nimble and fast ride. The sculpted back seats are very comfortable for up to an hour (provided the front seats are moved forward).The SC400 is not for you if you NEED four seats on a regular basis.I would buy another Lexus SC400 over a comparable BMW or Mercedes any day.You get better value for money, less depreciation and better dealer service.
Paid 22,400 in 99' with 55,000 miles.  Girls really like this car.  I wanted a corvette, but that would only impress other guys.  So whats the point.
This has been the worst car I have ever owned.  A 'certified' Lexus from Longo in El Monte CA.  Hade 40k miles on it when bought.  In less than one year I have replaced: The power steering pump & alternator, the gauge cluster (lighted dial burned out), the seat memory control, the driver power window mechanisim, an oxygen sensor, the battery, a headlight (leaked moisture), the motor mounts... more but my head hurts from thinking about the money I threw away on this piece of crap.  Lexus customer service wanted to give me $500.00 towards a new car for compensation.  I would never ever buy a Lexus again....HYPE CITY!!
My SC400 with 18 inch  A.W.(gold), Air sus. controller, front and rear spoiler, etc...  looks so nice! SC400 is not as fast as Supra(Toyota) or skyline GT-R(Nissan), but who cares! Toyota banza-i! (anybody know the Japanese name for SC400???  It's Toyota SOARER)  (^o^)y-~~~
I bought this car from a friend. He bought it new. I love this car just like my friend did. It's smooth riding, reliable and powerful. I hope to get a lot of use out of this car.
Super smooth, comfortable, powerful engine, quiet, killer Nakamichi stereo.
In my opinion, this car is as close to being perfect as any within the price range.
The SC400 is in my opinion a very refined sports coupe with timeless styling and superior performance.  It is smooth, quite, and very far ahead of its time in ergonomics.  The fit and finish on the auto is superior in every way. After 9 years, my SC400 is still in near showroom condition both inside and out.  There are no rattles or squeaks.  Everything functions perfectly, as it should (AM radio reception less less than good however).At the end of the day, I feel the SC400 is perhaps one of the best sport coupes on the market and now with the introduction of the new SC430, you may find many SC400 owners who will be upgrading to the 430. That said, there could be a few SC400's finding their way out onto the used market.My suggestion? Buy One! You will NOT be disappointed.
This is one of the most awsome cars to drive. My mother bought it new by I drive it once every week. It has great acceleration, especially when the pwr excl is chosen on a swtich next to the gear shift. I have raced several civic si and beat them every time. I really wish it were my car, but alas, I have to deal with a domestic. 
Ok. this is a great car no matter how you cut it. I got mine with 125k miles and have driven it 12k since and have had only two probs with it, but BOY were they expensive! One was a small heater valve that lets the hot air into the car was $400 and the drivers side window motor was $500. Jesus for a window motor!!! The dash cup holder was broken when I got it, didn't even know what it was until I saw an SC with one in it. Anyone had this problem? How much to get it fixed? Aside from these nit-picks This is a fantastic car. The ride is well-balanced for a sports car and there is enough power here for 95% of us, and I'm sure the 290 h.p. version gets the other 5%. I do wish it had a little more kick off the line, must have a big flywheel or something. I hear for $5-6k, you can have a supercharger put on to boost it from 250 to 320 h.p. The back seat room is a hell of a lot better than most sport coupes. 
This car is by far the best that I have owned so far.  On the freeway it's as smooth as silk and very quiet - the V8 just purrs  The car looks better with the 18 inch wheels and would look even better if I had it lowered.
Great looking car. Wash and wax and people think it is a new car. Styling is great and it is very fast.
I have an earlier review on this car and I've since put another 50K on the thing and it's still going strong! I bought the car in 2000 with 125K and it's now at 180K and the repairs are still mega-expensive, but the car is still a joy. Ask ANY American car owner if he likes his car as much at mile 180K as he did at mile 1. But I recently had another large repair, this time for the drive shafts I got off cheap and they were still $700 plus labor. I thought this was the tranny at first, so I looked into getting a Lincoln Mark VIII with half the miles. Well it was about half the car, didn't even come close to the SC. I had the stock stereo replaced with a very nice JVC KD-SH707 (see my review on this site) system and the speakers in this car are the bomb! (with a separate amp on the sub) I also upgraded the rims to the '97+ chrome 5-spokes. I suggest everyone do this. Overall the only car that I have driven that is better than this car is the 2001+ LS, but then those start at $28K. If you can get a decent condition SC of any year with less than 125K, get it. But expect some wear adn tear. My paint and leather are showing wear, definately. A great site for professional reviews:  http://auto.consumerguide.com/auto/used/reviews/full/index.cfm/id/2272/
yes
Buy Far the best Car that I have had the pleasure of driving. I love the accelaration, the Trany, reliability, style, luxury, Back seat room is more than enough for the sports car that the SC is, and the looks I get while in it!!! This car during passing will go from 60 to 90 by the time your going by the your passing, it really suck driving another car after the SC400 because most everything else is a DOG. The only thing that this car has needed so far in Brakes $650(this is because of my beating on it) other than that just keep up the routine maintance and the car will run forever. I do have 165,000 miles on the car. Some of the wear is in the seat the leather is cracking some do to extreme temp changes in Minnesota and the lack of tinted windows by previous owner. I do have a crack in the leather right by the window, I have notice that some others do have from looking at buying another one for G/F on EBAY. I have put some 17' chrome rims on it with low profile tires, this increase handling quite a bit, and gave it a great over all feel, I've also tinted the windows. Both of the above have made me get even more looks, People still think its a new car and its 10 years old. I LOVE MY SC400!!!!
I just purchased my 92' Lexus SC300 w/118,000 miles on it. Some people say I'm crazy, 'why did you buy a car so old'? I think they are stupid. The 1992-2000 Lexus SC300 body styling really doesn't change, if only slightly, it is the SAME car from what I can see. I am not one to sink my hard earned money into vehicles that depreciate GREATLY, I'd rather sink my money into my home or my retirement fund, I'm 29 and I plan to retire very wealthy.   With all of that said, I LOVE LOVE LOVE this car and have no qualms about buying the 92'. It is Gold Color and in absolute Mint condition. It looks new. The only thing that is worn is the lights on the speedometer are slowly going out! It has gold / chrome Lexus custom rims on it which was a plus when I bought it. The dealer could have sold it for $10,900 but it was his mothers car and she said ask $8500 for it! I just got the deal of the century! It drives like a dream, the stock stereo is better than my husbands' Lexus ES300 stereo.   Great car, I am so impressed, will probably keep this car for 4 years and upgrade to a newer SC 300 or 400 when I go to buy again, USED of course!!
wow what a great car. i bought this car for $12000 and this is my first car. there is not one thing about this car i do not like. the stereo system is 5 star and works like brand new. i did have a problem with the front speaker but i got that fixed .. $192 later. i have the diamond pearl white paint and i did get in an accident which cost me 1900 $ to get this fixed by the lexus dealer. let me remind you this is only a minor dent. everything on this car from the $1000 tires to the 5 star nakamichi audio system will run you a fortune.
wow what a great car. i bought this car for $12000 and this is my first car. there is not one thing about this car i do not like. the stereo system is 5 star and works like brand new. i did have a problem with the front speaker but i got that fixed .. $192 later. i have the diamond pearl white paint and i did get in an accident which cost me 1900 $ to get this fixed by the lexus dealer. let me remind you this is only a minor dent. everything on this car from the $1000 tires to the 5 star nakamichi audio system will run you a fortune.
Overall Review:  This is the best car I've owned...and currently I own two Mercedes (E3204Matic Wagon & C280). The car has an anvil like feel and the engine power never seems to end. The high-end quality of the interior and its overall fit and finish are much superior to Mercedes...which seems to have gone down hill in the past several years (lots of ill fitting plastic and visits to the mechanic). Also, my 11 month and 3 year old's car seats fit in the back seat quite well for weekend drives to the Beach.
Finest luxury sports car you can find. Blows Mercedes and BMW out of the water. Quick, responsive, luxurious-- what more can you ask?
This is a really great car! It is definitley the best car I've ever owned. Ever since I got it it has been so much easier to get around. I would recommend this car to anyone who's looking for a great deal.
This is a really great car! It is definitley the best car I've ever owned. Ever since I got it it has been so much easier to get around. I would recommend this car to anyone who's looking for a great deal.
Wow is right. This car is the ultimate in class, comfort, luxury and style. The punks in the Camaros can't stop stairing at it. Everyone wants to have a second look at it. You better drive your second car if you want anonimity.   It has tons of pick-up, amazing cornering abilities and even better breaking prowness.  It looks amazing, from any angle.
It it far the best car I have ever owned. I bought it from a doctor with 144,000 miles on it. Its in mint condition and runs like a new car. People often ask me if thats the new Lexus so it holds up its good looks through time. I am even gonna buy another one, I love it so much.
This car is very nice to look at and it gets alot of attention. I have a the Gold Package, Body Kit and 18 inch niches. The engine ok fast keep in mind i have a 5-speed and also I have intake and plug wires. I can beat just about any 4-bangers even turbos. I bought this car because of the looks but it proves to be a constant problem. I find myself takeing it to the garage at lease twice a month.
This car is Great, its fun driving it, and it has very nice seats. I have had lots of attention, i have 17in gs400 rims on it looks wonderful, and 2000 body kit. makes the car look 2000.
A pure luxury car with the heart of a sports car.  Though only 220hp and 220 ft/lbs torque this car knows how to move.  Manipulating the 5 speed manual is the key to it.  The max power is at 5600rpm and the car redlines at 6500.  It needs to rev like a 4 cyl. to obtain max performance.  For those of you whom wish to mod this car it is very easy.  The car uses the identical chassis as the 1993.5-1998 Supras.  I am using KYB AGX shocks for a Supra on my car.  They do not sell them particularly for the Lexus...Oh well their loss actually.  Same part different part number and they bank more.  I have an exhaust made by Apexi for the NA Supra which is a direct bolt on...yes it uses the same exhaust routing.  If you really wanted to you can buy a stock supra NA exhaust and use it on the SC300.  Mine is now a single.  You can buy a short shifter for the SC300 from TRD or C's engineering.  If you have any questions about mods to this car please feel free to e-mail me at   lexusdrifter@yahoo.com   I always answer expeditiously.
women love me in the lex and love making love to me in it to!
Very clean and luxury look.
If you want a smooth ride in a great looking car, this is for you. It has the most room I've ever seen for the backseat of a 4-seater, and I'm pretty sure most of them come with leather interior. The whole interior and exterior of the car coalesce and flow together to create one of the most beautiful cars around, and its ride is just as good. Also, it can be bought fairly cheaply used. GREAT BUY!!!
Its an even balance of sports car and a family sedan. I didn't expect any back seat room to begin with. The fuel tank located directly behind the rear seats is a hazard waiting to happen. Even though it has very thick and well protected firewall it gives me the chills. The car is very streetable but it stinks since it lacks any kind of front bumper protection. I wanted to keep the under the hood clean but the connections are not water resistant so it takes me hours to clean under the hood. Its got very slushy lagging muffler sound.... The car is a all around on-road vehicle with style and reliability. Take care of the seals and keep under the hood clean and the car will last for-ever.... Its worth the money only if you buy it under $20K around 50,000 miles don't matter what year
Solid used car for the money.  Have driven it for two years and plan on keeping it at least another couple.  Enjoy the Nakamichi sound very much.
Bought the car in 1992 - still love it after 8 years - that ought to tell you something. While I could afford a new car, it's hard to part with this one. Outside of tires and usual maintenance items, I've spent perhaps $3,000 over the 8 yrs on repairs not covered by warranty. Added Borla exhaust, K & N filter and chrome wheels to keep me happy. It still hasn't got a squeak or rattle and looks like new.
yes
If you want a luxury-minded sports car thats very reliable and stands out then the SC is for you.  If plush ride is a consideration go with the LS. If $ is short consider another make. LEXUS are not economy cars.
I would recommend the Lexus SC because it is one of the nicest and most reliable vehicles around.  It doesn't matter what year you buy because they will never go out of style and the Lexus quality is excellent.  There is just not enough good things I can say about it.
If your into quality get this car. If you into being cheap get an american car and Ill see you at the mechanic 2x per week. Ill be the one flying by. My mechanic estimated a trouble free 200,000 miles from this car easy.
Bought used at 48k miles as 'Certified' in '95.  Sold in 2000 with 130k.  Been in the shop 2 times, excepting tires (power steering pump leak and sunroof).  Dealers can range from great to suck-ass.
$20000 in 3/00 for 1995 model with 75k; still a blast to drive; engine very smooth, makes great sounds; I do not agree with other review comments about lack of power; it is plenty quick for me, especially in 2nd and 3rd gears; I definitely recomment the SC-300 5 speed as a great ride, a kick to drive, and absolutely bulletproof.
This is by far the best vehicle I have ever owned. Extremely comfortable ride, timeless styling.  Get second glances all the time, the valet always parks the car in front of the resturant.I drive alot of 2 lane highways in Nevada, the SC 400 passes traffic like they are standing still.  The car carries more than enough power.Service and parts does tend to be expensive...but this is a luxury car, right?
we have a '93, i strongly recommend lexus.
WOW, what a car. this is the beginning of the new generation with lexus. Lexus's first convertible is a great car with extrodinary interior and exterior styling as well a good engine added to it. It is also a Convertible hard top which will transform it to a car in under a mere 25 seconds. This car when compared to the mercedes and audi tt has a better engine and has a more gracious interior. What else can isay it is a grand sporty new hybrid lexus!!!
This is an absolutely beautiful car that I purchased brand new off the showroom floor. They had stopped making the Continental, and the dealer only had four left, and I got an unbelieveable deal on the car. Sticker price was $42,000. With my trade, I paid under $17,000. It has a driver select system which allows me to choose the type of handling I want, and plenty of luxury bells and whistles. The front wheel drive is unbeatable in the snow and rain, the virtual display and leather interior make it a very comfortable car to drive, and I don't get tired after long rides. Everything is top quality, and it is definitely not an old man's car. I love the way the automatic trans shifts when you accelerate hard, and the deep growl it makes. The 275HP all-aluminum DOHC 4.6L really makes this car move.  I've had it for almost two years, and I've never had any warranty work that had to be done. Lincoln provides free maintenance (oil, brakes, filters, wiper blades, etc.) for the first 40,000 miles (they only offer it for 12,000 now). I would recommend this car to anyone. Unfortunately, you can only buy them used now, but you can get a great bargain.
Overall, a great used car value. I purchased for $16000. Not bad for a vehicle not two years ago was $41000. So this would indicate at the new price the car is fully loaded. IT IS! I do believe if more people had test driven the Continental, more would have been sold. This automobile was targeting the younger crowd with budding family needing space but would not want to give up some driving excitment with just the family truckster. First, the engine is very powerful(wolf in sheeps clothing). You will just about put everyone to shame who think they can beat the hotrod Lincoln. Sure, every car can do 100mph...this Conti can do it between stop lights. Not to mention the nice duel exhaust sound when you stomp on the gas(quiet when just cruising). Interior appointments are excellent as well as the Alpine tape/CD player. It is loud enough and clear enough to make the youngsters with $5000 worth of stereo equipment turn their heads. The active air ride suspension is also a plus, very noticable difference in ride quality/performance in plush, normal, hard mode. I do enjoy floating down the hwy in this Conti. The steering wheel controls for sound system and climate control are a excellent idea and work very well, not to mention cruise control buttons also located on the steering wheel. The virtual instrument/guages are a nice touch, as well as, the console/bucket seat set up. You truly feel you are getting into a fighter plane cockpit. The leather seating area is very comfortable and the heated front seats are excellent. Climate control can be automatic or controlled as you wish. Two driver seat/mirror memory is excellent and a nice touch. Trunk space is far and above expectations. Rear seating area is spacious and very comfortable. My five year old is usually asleep within five minutes of driving. The exterior is very nice and there is enough chrome(for those who still long for it on their automobiles)but not overstated. The car has a very aggressive stance and the power to back it up. Fit and finish is excellent. The deep maroon paint looks to have been layered quite a bit so as to give a deep wet look. Folks, this is not your fathers Lincoln. I recommend the vehicle to those that are just a little tired of the 4 door foreign offerings/domestic offerings.
The 2001 is the third one I have owened in a year. My wife loves these cars. A year ago she had a 1995 got a 1998 and now a 2001. Since she likes them ,wanted as new as we could get. Sorry there not made any more. I cant believe ford made a car this good. 90-94 was worst cars ever built.The 95 up was too gooda car to be a ford product so they stoped making them. Out standing cars .Have seen up to 31mpg on 98.
This is my first Ford product in about 8 years. I have had GM products in the past and decided to try out a Lincoln. This Continental had 17000 miles on it when i bought it. This car is a dream to drive with great performance and super fuel economy. I can not believe anyone could say anything bad about this car. The fit and trim on this car is so much better than Cadillac. I will have to say Ford has won me over and Cadillac need to go back to the drawing board about their workmanship.
Worst car I have ever owned. After only 8 months, I have been through 2 transmissions and numerous other service issues which finally led to trading in the piece of s--- on an Acura. I thought I got a great deal on the Linc, because of the purchase price vs. content, but I guess you get what you pay for.
The Intech accelerates with a pleasinf exhaust note. Love cutting off BMW's only to my surprise a 740il driver actually tried to cut me off. I was loaded with 5 Passengers and a full trunk of cargo, He was the only person in his car, when he floored it i saw him smile, but i floored it and passed him at 115 m.p.h.. The brakes are world class and they can stop on a dime. The structure is incredibly stiff. The seats are comfy and i could sleep in them all day. Love the system check which tells me all about the car with a touch of a button. If you buy one don't ever turn traction control off, because even in the summer on a dry road the wheels will spin with the littlest amount of gas.I reccommend this car to people who want a great luxury car with lots of features and can afford it. I don't reccommend it to people who previously owned cadillac's because they will fall in love with this car.
The Intech accelerates with a pleasinf exhaust note. Love cutting off BMW's only to my surprise a 740il driver actually tried to cut me off. I was loaded with 5 Passengers and a full trunk of cargo, He was the only person in his car, when he floored it i saw him smile, but i floored it and passed him at 115 m.p.h.. The brakes are world class and they can stop on a dime. The structure is incredibly stiff. The seats are comfy and i could sleep in them all day. Love the system check which tells me all about the car with a touch of a button. If you buy one don't ever turn traction control off, because even in the summer on a dry road the wheels will spin with the littlest amount of gas. I reccommend this car to people who want a great luxury car with lots of features and can afford it. I don't reccommend it to people who previously owned cadillac's because they will fall in love with this car.
Although this vehicle is produced with the highest quality control, I would be reluctant to buy another because the engine might just quit any time.
Try this car....Some dealerships offer large discounts and great financing making it easier to own this remarkable luxury car....My guess is I'll own another one in another 250k to300k miles..
I leased. Priced I leased at was around $34,000. I would recommend it to anyone considering a new 528i, GS300, Seville, DeVille or the like. The car really supprised me. I went to look at an LS, but it was too small for my family. It offers the room,luxury, comfort and power I wanted at a very reasonable price. 
After 24,000-miles, I'd call it a very nice driver's car with luxury touches only found in more expensive vehicles, but must wonder whether Lincoln will continue offering Continentals. The progressive de-contenting noticed after looking at 1997 and 1998 models; plenty of Town Cars, but few Continentals on my dealer's lot;  rumors that future Continentals will be 6-passenger seating only, plus a Lincoln owner's poll asking opinions on a 'touring' Town Car version, are disturbing. My wife and I like our Continental very much, but I probably wouldn't recommend buying a new one to anyone else.
 the car is a great value for the money, it looks very good, i love the adjustable steering and suspension. io have had no problems so far and i wont have any. the transmission is amazingly smooth, the alpine stereo sounds better than the stereo in my BMW 540i, i love the handling, the cd player is in the center console not in the trunk, its so luxurious i would sleep in the car and no road noise gets in the car.
Very high depreciation when bought new.
I just bought this car last night, and already I'm in love. After test driving I knew that I was a Lincoln owner. The car not only looks great, but the ride and handling were exceptional. For being a Cadillac lover all my life, (cause that was all that my dad would own) I have become a new lover of Lincolns. I can't wait to take it out for a road trip.
99  My wife needed a new car.  After looking at volvos  we decided to see what  an american car manuf, had to offer. we visited the dealer(Perry Falk) and  he showed us a previous rental,  We went for a test drive and enjoyed the room and comfort. We drove quite awhile and decided with the safety features looks  and it was fun to drive we give it a try.  So far it's been in the shop twice  missing (water in spark plug socket) they replaced all the spark plugs. A wobble when braking. (replaced all four rotors. the latter was done while my wife waited. So far the car has been most enjoyable and the milage/acceleleration for 32 valve intech engine is impressive.
I now have 90,000 miles on my 98 Continental and shes been running like a beauty. I just replaced the struts as preventive maintainance and had replaced tires. I've driven it 40,000 miles and not a single problem. P.S.- Do regular maintainace it keeps youre auto running unless you have a YUGO
im 19 and i bought this car brand new when i was 18, some people at high school called it a granny mobile because it was a lincoln and when they hop in for a ride they get out amazed by the power and handling of this beast and they love the exhilarating stereo. This car is a chick magnet because it is so beautiful. It burns no oil at all, none, nano.
I haven't actually been riding the car for long, so as far as maintainence I can't really give any advice. What I can say about the car is that it's an absolutely beautiful vehicle with a powerful and responsive motor and transmission. The interior of the car is so beautiful and quiet. You could hear a pin drop on the carpet while driving 100mph on the highway. It's amazing. I'm 35 and have owned alot of different cars, mostly new, and I can say that by the look and feel of this car that it seems like it will be a very reliable vehicle.    I've read many different reviews on this site about this car and many of them talk about keeping up with the maintainence. It's like anything you own, if you don't take car of your stuff, it becomes junk. Also, I would imagine that any vehicle with this many high tech goodies is bound to have a few problems. The more stuff you have in your car, the more things there are to break.    Some of my friends are even afraid to buy cars with power windows because they are afraid of them breaking, which they frequently do. I've had this happen many times.     So, fact is, I know the car will eventually have some high tech gadget problems, this is the risk I'm willing to take to enjoy them while they work. Face it, electronics don't last forever you know!!
Overall, the Lincoln Continental ('98-'02) represents a terrific used car value.
Wonderful value as a used car. $14,000 buys you an 8 cylinder, near luxury car, with a driving experience that is tough to comprehend at that price. These cars are nearly always driven by salesman or old people. Get one that has been taken care of and you can't go wrong. Get the JBL sound system.
This car is a real value if you are in the market for a used car. It is roomy, comfortable,easy to drive, good looking, and reliable. The price that you pay for a used one is a real bargin. I have no idea why these fine cars do not hold their value when purchased new, but after someone else has absorbed the horendous depreciation of the first two years you can snap up a car that you will enjoy driving.
Outstanding Lincoln craftsmanship. Ideal example of American engineering. Outstanding as a freeway car and better-than-good in town driving. If well maintained, this car is a great used car-buy.
I almost didn't buy this car bacause it seemed to good to be true. The car had 50,000 miles on it and I bought it for 30% of it original sticker price. It has to be one of the best values in the used car market. My Lincoln is loaded including a moonroof. It gets compliments all the time. It is equipped with a center console that gives it a sporty feel. I have heard these cars refered to as an 'Old Man Car' but let me tell you this thing will honk if you put your foot into it. I have had no problems with this car after 8 months of ownership.
For the last (40) years all I have ever owned is pick-up trucks, Ford, Chevy, Dodge, my favorite always being a Ford, so I thought long and hard before the purchase of this vehicle, I think it fits my personality, a luxury car that I never expected to own but for the price and even though this car is (12) years old it is flawless both inside and out. The Dealer even provided the name and phone number of the only previous owner, with their permission, and I feel confident that this car will last me easily for the next 10 to 15 years especially since I am such a fanatic about the care of the vehicles I own.
I just got this car and it is the best car I have ever had. It is a Red Lincoln Continental when I got the car I thought that I was getting a grandma car but once I hit the throttle I was surprised at the response and the amount of power the car had. It might handle like a boat but the power steering makes up for that making steering a breeze. 
I just got this car and it is the best car I have ever had. It is a Red Lincoln Continental when I got the car I thought that I was getting a grandma car but once I hit the throttle I was surprised at the response and the amount of power the car had.  It might handle like a boat but the power steering makes up for that making steering a breeze.
I had this car back in 2002, but i may be looking to getting another one in the near future. i bought the car back in '02 with around 70K mi. on it for around $12K. i must say that overall the car was great. the interior is fantastic. heated seats are nice for midwest winters. stereo/cd changer sounded good, moonroof is nice in the spring/fall weather, v8 is smooth, sounds nice and i got up to 26mpg on highway (my cavalier only gets around that much). i had no major issues. car needed an alignment, and ate up the front tires, but thats just part of maintnence. also had some spark knock, but the car had over 100K and needed a tuneup. i believe a new set of plugs would have taken care of it. very nice car, good quality, tons of options, nice ride, sweet engine for little money (the same car now can be bought for around $5K!!) i would love to have another one.
great car, recommend it for anyone who needs a large, fast, powerful v-8 luxury sedan with enough gadgets and gizmos to boogle your mind. test drive one and youll be very impressed. The suspension and steering are adjustable via the driver select system. The car looks very good. If lincoln advertised this car more people would buy one. very dependable.
At $19500, the best luxury used-car value out there...period.  Would recommend it to that baby-boomer who 'needs' a sports car in their life but has a family, you won't be disappointed!
very nice car for literary half the price of the competition, the Ultimate Luxury Vehicle, Lincoln Continental. I would reccommend this car to anyone looking for a trouble free, reliable new car arond 40k. If you're a business man like me and take long trips, forget the company car and get a continental.
This is my second Continental. My first was a '94 with a 3.8 V6. Total that car in an accident. I walk away with no injuries. So I decided to replace the ’94 model with a ’97 model, thus my review is on the ’97 model. I bought this car use, lest than half the price of the new model at the time. I let other take the depreciation. This car is very comfortable, has plenty of legroom in front and back, easy to drive in city and highway, very reliable. Can handle corner better than you would think.We use this car on long trip and was used in two wedding. One of them is mine and the other is my best friend. With a regular maintains schedule, this car should not give you much problem. None thus for for me and it is at 100K miles. I upgrade a few thing: new set of Yokohama tires at 50K miles, new ceramic brake pads and rotors on all four wheels, use full-synthetic oil at every 7500 miles, and split-fire spark plugs. You take care of the car and the car will take care of you.
Don't much care for it in town because it rides like a cattle car. In addition, its rate of depreciation was and is appalling.  That said, no one can deny that it's not one hell of a freeway cruiser. I've had this car for eight model years. It has 46,000 miles on the odometer, and I recently got 26.2 mpg on a 440-mile run from northeast Alabama, over the Tennessee mountains, and on to the Ohio River.  It is quiet and comfortable with plenty of room, and it has a world-class interior. It also runs like the wind.  I had to replace a power-steering pump, but otherwise have had no trouble whatever.  Lots of reviewers have all but trashed this car, and I really don't know why. I'm happy to have it and intend to keep it.
The aggravation factor - monthly trips to the dealer - outweighs the benefits. I wouldn't buy another one. I had planned on buying the LS but I am having second thoughts.
I would buy this car only if i could afford the gas and high regular maintainence costs.I wouldn't buy it if i couldn't afford one because of the high cost of changing oil and flushing and filling cooling system.90,000 Miles and not a problem
All-in-all, we love the car.  I had to replace all four sway bar links as well as the rear sway bar bushings to quiet the numerous clunks in the suspension when we got it.  However, the roads in Michigan will take their toll on any car.  Now that the suspension components are new, it rides like a dream and the parts were inexpensive.  The engine is a dream and although it doesn't compare to the Cadillac STS Northstar in terms of power and sound quality (the Caddy snarled when you got on it) it is far smoother.  The memory profile system is awesome, and it makes it so much easier for two people to use the car,  The keyless entry keypad on the door is wonderful, and the seating leather is buttery soft.  The JBL 10 speaker premium sound is phenomenal with the CD Changer.97,000 miles and it burns no oil and runs and looks like new. My partner and I love this car and we don't fit the typical Lincoln stereotype either as we're 31 and 28 years old!  Perhaps the older you get the smarter you get!
Car is handsome, reliable, powerful, stops great, handles fair. Feels very safe and is confortable even for full size passengers. This is the first front wheel driver I have ever owned...I am not big on front wheel drive, but, since I needed a four door and got this car cheap and it was the size my wife can handle and is safe...I bought it..I enjoy driving it very much..It has some slight torque steering that my wife does not notice but I do. It had 92,000 miles on it with no scratches with factory paint. It has tons of power and will stop on a dime...Since the car has under steer it does not handle like my Mark VIII or porsche or my BMW, but, it is a luxury car and handles ok I guess..For driving and getting around and taking trips and such, it is ideal..It is a very powerful car and really feels good overall. Looks are bullet shaped and rather unasumming which is good for me since speeding tickets are the pits. The 96 connine is very very quite and handles ok for such a 4000lb car. It is a lincoln and I am sure it is very very safe. The doors feel thick and heavy as well as the rest of the car, so..If you get in a wreck and hit someone, I hope they have air bags..lol..I hope they have a Volvo with air bags all the way around..Not sure if you need air bags in this lincoln, But...Mine has them anyway....Talk about over kill....Anyway...Find one with some miles, drive it, see how it is holding up..If it is in good shape and no leaks like the one I have, buy it..you will not be sorry....
Well, I got this car from my parents for free so I can't complain much. I was thinking oh man what an old man's car but let me tell you something; I fell in love with this car. This car is very comfortable with lots of power. For being a 21 years old I used this car everyday and I enjoyed every minute of it. I drove this car 20 hours straight and I only got sleepy but not tired from driving it.
Bought the Continental 8 months ago with 80k miles and never had so many problems with any other car I have ever owned. The dealer told us before we left the lot, you got a real cherry, I guess he mixed up the fruits and meant a lemon. The cd changer broke the first day, got fixed but i hear the engine acceleration in every speaker of the actually pretty good sound system ( the sound is great when the engine is off) nobody at Lincoln seems to know how to fix it, I gave up. After the first rain, the airbag warn light came on, went back to the dealer, they fixed it, at least till the next rain, same problem again. This time they had to replace all the electrical cables behind the dashboard due to a shortage 'somewhere', this seems to be fixed now. We had 2 weeks fun with the car. Then the compressor for the air suspension started to make noises, needed to be replaced. Did I mention the catalytic converter went bad and the door panels are loose? Last week ( the first warm day this year) I found out that the air condition does'nt work anymore. I think I drove every Lincoln and Mercury model there is as a loaner car. This car has a great engine but everything around it seems to break down at least in my Continental. This was my first and last Lincoln,I can't wait to trade this 'cherry' in, if I even get money for it since the depreciation is extreme.
This was an excellent find for a used car. It had 70,000 km on it and was 2 years old when I purchased it.  It has everything in creature comforts. The best stock sound tht I have ever heard, Leaher, Moon roof, cruise, heated seats (great in Canada eh!), A/C, driver memeory, traction control and on and on.  The V8 provides lots of power while getting good milage. I think Ford were nuts to change the styling in later years to make it more conservative.  I purchased the optional extended warranty from Ford but never needed anything more than normal maintenance.  This is without a doubt the best deal I ever made.
This car is nice as hell. Its fun to drive, smooth ride, powerful engine, luxurious with features such as heated mirrors, glare control, leather seats, and very roomy. I had an 89 continental too, and many improvements were made on that car in 95. Very nice.
I purchased this car with 50,000 miles on it. The previous owner had all the service records and alwys taken it to a Lincoln dealer for service. I thought it would be a great buy. Bad idea! I poured more money into this car than any other car I have ever owned. In just the space of 10 months I put $1650 in repairs on the car and since it was purchased new the car has had a new instrument panel, air con. compressor, alternator and the airshocks are going and needed to be replaced, a $3800 repair job. That was enough for me. I traded the piece of junk in for a Pontiac. Now I know why Lincolns depreciate quickly. $40,000 for a new one? Buy a Lexus ES300 if you want a luxury car.
I bought this car because it was cheaper than the Cadillacs on the lot. Lincoln's lose resale value quickly. Therefore, Lincoln's make great used car buys.The motor is great. V-8 power and a good high gear make for a near perfect highway driving experience. No equal here. You can very easily get to 90mph and not realize it because of the smoothness of the ride and the power of the motor. The transmission is flaky. Coming out of first gear is really rough, typical of Continentals. That's the only driving flaw though. The trunk fits more than my SUV. The car is quiet except for the purr of the motor. It has a computer which takes a little study but nothing too difficult. The seats adjust automatically to each key (driver1, driver2). It has loads of backseat room but it was made for two passenger driving. The front seats are classics. Seats are adjustable in every direction. No wonder people buy these cars again and again. 
It the most comfortable ride I have ever been in. I can't wait to take it cross country. It's like riding a cloud.
I got this car used in 1996 and since then its been trouble-free, I like the adjustable suspension and steering that allow the driver to dial up his/her's preferences unlike any other vehicle on the road.
highly reccomend it especially for highway use its not the greatest city car though. 
Good looking car with lots of gadgets and luxury features.Excellent gas mileage for big car. I bought the car because we knew the previous owner had maintained the car well and had all the service records. So far we have had only a problem with the drivers side window. Air suspension parts  have a history of failure but can be converted to standard struts and springs. There was a recall on head gaskets for these cars and ours was replaced at adealership under warranty at 33000 miles. I would never consider buying one new because of the cost but they depreciate rapidly and offer a good used car value.
Very disappointed in the car.  The car was a programmed car that we purchased with 18,000 miles on it in Mar. 1995 from a Lincoln Mercury dealer. We now have only 56,000 mileson it and the transmission had to be replaced and the head gasket had to be replaced, although both were under warranty.  We have had major trouble with air conditioning and rear suspension. The car has been in to the dealer repeatedly, as well as our own mechanic.  We will NOT buy another Lincoln Continental! 
I am SO UNHAPPY with this car! If I could hear the radio over all the bells and alarms that are always going off, I MIGHT have something to say positive about radio reception? I feel like driving it to the store and back is NOT a given that I will make it there and then still make it back? EVERYTHING is broken and EVERYTHING is expensive to remedy! It is currently being held hostage at my mechanics for its *surprise!* strut problems. Also, the check engine light & alarm (which dings at blaring levels) is coming on & diagnostic equipment says it should not be. Lets hope it is related to why the air control alarm is also blaring? The powered motors for the windows and seats are broken... since this is a recurring problem--why not have MANUEL ONES as WELL for those of us whom would like to USE the windows but fear it will break when down. (I can only assume the motors that operate currently are damn near breaking) What a piece of junk! If there were a cliff that I could actually drive to, I'd push it over it! (But, I am in fla--no cliffs...oh! and I drive a lincoln: cant drive there to get to one, either)
I ha ve heard many complaints about the 94 model year of these cars but I have no major ones beside the digital dash (bad solder joints cause it beep and give false readings)It rides wondefull has plenty of room great cilmate control (that is still working!) and gets good milage although mine is from the dreaded 88-94 era I love and plan on keeping it for many years to come
I have had this car for 2 and a half years now. It is a beautiful car but ive had to put alot of money into it! It had 79,000 miles on it when i bought it. I talked to previos owners who took well care of it and never had any problems. The first year i replaced a passenger side air shock and tie rod. I then replaced a thermostat. This year has been hell! I had to replace both back air shocks for 1200.00. Thge car would sink down after parking it. Then I had a antifreeze leak which turned out to be water pump and front cover which cost around 800.00 total. Then I had an airflow sensor go out which caused an alarm going off constantly. That cost me around 300.00 Now it is idling very rough. It rocks back and forth at stoplights. I tried using a fuel injector cleaner to see if that will help. Other than that I did have one dash light go out which is the message center. Working components still work but to save a little money I shine a flashlight into it when alarm goes off to see what it says!!!! I do get it oil changes right on the dot at the dealership and they do inspections then. If you have your horn go out and cant get your gas lid to pop open its a fuse! I found that out yesterday and its a #20 orange. I love this car and I now have 134000 miles on it! I most likely will continue to pay what it needs to keep her on the road. Shes a light blue and pretty! Nicest car Ive ever had and the sound system is great. I would not recommend this year though! V-6 wasnt good engine for this car!!! The air conditioning and heat still work excellent in this car also.
Well it's hard to say if I would recommend this car to anybody.  All the problems that I have listed are not going to go wrong with every Lincoln Continental.  Well except for the air struts, those will blow out atleast one time.  If you are a kind of person who loves luxury and likes a lot of features and doesn't mind buying a car and fixing all the problems that go wrong with it, then yes I would recommend this car to you.  If your the kind of person who wants a nice luxurious car that has very minamal problems and doesn't want to take it to the shop often, then no I wouldn't recommend this car to you.I would not recommend this car to go on long trips, because of its dependibility.  Not because of its comfort.  
Yes, if Ford will take care of all the problems.
car SUCKS and will NOT buy another nor will we recommend to any one.
I love(ed) the car.  It now sits in my garage with a fatal internal engine wound, and I still can't convince myself to get rid of it.  I'm presently looking at purchasing a used '96.  For what I paid for my car, I got what I expected and more.  
Absolute best buy I could have ever made.  At 114,000 miles this car still looks and runs like the day it came off the showroom!  When first purchased in 02/2001, transmission was weak and needed rebuilding (112,400) miles.  With that in mind and after having the transmission rebuilt, this car is a reliable vehicle.  As with this line of vehicle the key is to doing preventative maintanance.    I have ridden in similar sized GM, Nissan, Chrysler vehicles and even Toyotas and none I mean NONE have the ride of the Linclon Continental!    The level ride can be a problem if you do not mantain the bellows, and if you let your car sit idle.  I work in real estate and easily put 300 miles a week on this car, and would not trade it for a lexus, its comfortable, roomy and the layout of the dash and components are easy to read and get to, not to mention until 1995, they kept the same body style, most of my friends and clients think its a 1995 or newer.  The previous owner was good about doing scheduled maintenance so unlike some reviews, I got a good deal because I know what was getting into.      My Oppinion:  If you are looking at a 1990-1995  model, check for routine maintenance, if no records, dont buy.  These cars are known for, if you did not do maintenance when due, are known to be junk, if its well maintained and you can verify records and are recent, and you are able to afford the routine cost of keeping up, which I will add is not cheap, you will find yourself in a very comfortable vehicle to give you many years of enjoyment.
The Continental is a bargain worth searching. The features on this car are top notch from the silky smooth V8 to all the creature comforts of the interior. I averaged 26.8 mpg on a recent 300 mile trip with the air on. The Alpine sound system is great and with the controls on the steering wheel make it a snap to change settings safely. The 275 hp V8 moves out this luxury sedan adequately.
I bought this 2000 Lincoln continental from a Lincoln dealer in Jacksonville and thank God the car came with a 70,000-mile warranty. When I bough the car it had 25,000 miles on it. Although it came with a upgraded stereo and CD changer the sound quality is lacking. The front driver’s seat back would suddenly lay down and would not stop until it laid all the way down. Pressing the button to stop the seat back from moving would not work until the back had reached its maximum decline position, then you could move the seat back where you wanted it. This was more than a little unnerving when the car was moving. The dealer replace the module but now I have other problems with the seating positions, sometimes the electric seat will not move at all other times it moves by itself. Because this is an intermittent electrical problem the can not fix it.    Now for the AC. AC worked great when I bought the car in December. As the outside temperature rose the AC functioned less efficiently. Had it in the shop for two weeks and they were unable to repair because they could not find the problem. Today (July 5 2003) the AC went out completely (at 45,000 miles) I hope the dealer can fix it this time. Funny that when I think back on it I had similar problems with my Ford AreoStar’s AC.    Had to have the brakes and rotors replaced at 27,000 miles.    As you can see I have put 21,000 miles on this car in 6 months and am on the highway frequently. The road noise from this car is so bad I must slow the car below 55mph so I can hear on my speakerphone. The antenna built into the back window is good for appearance but get lousy reception as you leave town.    I am looking to sell this car before I get 50k miles on it, hope I can get the AC fixed. Overall I am very disappointed in this vehicle and will not recommend it to anyone. I like to keep my cars and don’t trade up every year. I had a VW beetle in the 70s and early 80, put over 250,000 miles on it, my Aerostar made it past 300K and my 94 Volvo 940 turbo made it to 260k before it was totaled. I was hopping to get similar mileage on this Lincoln but it won’t make it in my stable past 50K    This car was a very disappointing purchase.
We started looking at Caddys, and did not like the workmanship,and cheap materials used on this top-line GM auto.Lincoln certainly does put alot into the continental, all the materials are top notch, she drives quite nice,and the ride is excellent.Fuel consumption is good considering the powerfull v8 under hood, great sounds and east to look at. A little understated in styling, but this car makes you love it from the inside out.
I have a love\hate issue with this rather fine car. After two years of ownership and 28K miles, I havn't had one problem with it. It drives like a dream, has decent fuel economy and it has all the space in the world and it has tons of raw power from it's lovely V8. Now on the hate side, I just found out that it's a big mistake to buy a LC new because of HUGE depreciation expenses after I purchased it new, of course. I spent a whopping 40 grand and I just found out that it's only worth 21 grand in just TWO years. That's 50% depreciation right there. Why these things lose their value sooooo fast, I'll never know. I'm going to keep this car for a long time so I can get my money's worth.
If you want a luxury car in the $45K range the continental is you're best bet while being the best looking luxury car. I would recommend it to people who have large families and need a huge trunk in a car with a luxurious interior and lots of truly high-tech features and lot's of power.I don't recommend it to people who buy import,s because they complain about the ride and handling being bad while the continental actually is faster and has more grip than the BMW 7-series and MB-S class. With the ride settings being variable the ride is alway's perfect whether you want a plush ride, firm ride, or normal ride. 
This is not a car for your average person, this car must be respected.. a little care goes along way with this car if you know what to do..  The air ride is a problem but it is preventable.. I bought this car with 65,000 miles on it over 2 years ago.. I now have 95,000 and still looks and runs like brand new.. I wouldnt trade this car for nothing else made.. All cars have their problems, it's just knowing what they are before hand.. And knowing how to prevent them from happening..
IF YOU HAVE THE MONEY TO FIX IT, IT IS REALLY A GOOD RIDING CAR. STYLE AND INTERIOR OF THE CAR IS AWESOME
What a piece of garbage! I'll never buy another Lincoln or any other car with this type of suspension. Don't go anywhere near a Ford product with the 3.8L motor unless you enjoy replacing head gaskets. They have alot of nerve charging what they do for these cars.
I think for the money buy something else and save a few thousand in repairs.
The ride is good when the ride control is working.My digital speedometer does not work,my main bearing in the engine is knocking and the air suspension suddenly fell down.I love lincoln products but this surely has disappointed me!
If you are looking to purchase this year Lincoln, you better keep plenty of loot available on hand for repairs. As soon as you repair one thing you can bet that something else will go wrong the next day, and any repair to this vehical will be very costly.
what a nightmare!! i thought I was getting a great deal for my money, but two days after I bought it my transmission is actiing up. A new transmission is 1800.00 and another 300.00 to callibrate it! Also, everything is malfunctioning and the alarms are going off every 2 minutes. Never again!!!
The digital dash has been driving me CRAZY from the day I bought it! It constantly dings. I very recently replaced the water pump and tires and the following week my transmission went out. do yourself a favor and stay away from the 1991 Continental.They are notorious for bad transmissions and are expensive to repair.
Fred Flintstone would be ashamed to trade his wheels in,even up,for this monumental waste of molecular space.Never,and I mean never has a bigger piece of junk than this graced the highways,that is if anyone should be lucky enough to get that far.I would list everything that has gone wrong with this sh****tmobile in the brief time that I've had it,but I'm 50 yrs. old,and life just is'nt long enough.
Bought for 10000 in 1997 with 35000 miles on it.  Fell apart soon thereafter.  By 60000 miles I had replaced or repaired every item listed on weaknesses and more.  (Except the airbag, I traded it with that $700 problem)
I love my continental it had a few minor problems that I have fixed, like the ac o rings that blew out three times until ford advised me that the pressure switch needed to be replaced..28.00 did it myself..I Maintain my car and it is really holding up nicely despite the fact that my mechanic says its not a good car....I put 900 miles a week on my continental and it has only had the water pump changed and the brakes fixed in the last 2 years...CHANGE THE OIL EVERY 2,000 MILES AND CHECK YOUR FLUIDS  IF YOU MAINTAIN YOUR CONTINENTAL YOU'LL BE HAPPY....
In two years Ive replaced the Air Suspensions $3000,rotors all around $300,Power steering motor $250....I wouldn't recommend anyone even my worst enemy buy one of these money pits,in fact if someone tries to sell you one,kick them in the you know what...
Avoid the Continental at all cost.  Maybe Ford has some nice trucks, but their luxury line, DOES NOT EVEN COMPARE with Cadillac!
Terrible, Terrible!!!!  Air Conditioning System went out, ride control went out, 3.8 L Headgasket out, I can go on and on!!!!!  Terrible purchase!!!!!
Overall, this car is not for anyone to own! It is costly to maintain and is not reliable. There not even a very prestigious car to have anymore. They were basically Fords engineering experiment that they tried out on Joe public that FAILED! Honestly, I am so frustrated with my big junker that when I am done with it, I would love to see just how far I could drive it into a swamp or flag pond around here, rip the VIN and tags from it and leave it there to rust to Hell. 
This Lincoln COntinental is the biggest piece of garbage I have ever seen.  THe air shocks have been replaced twice.  The radiator, the alternator, the water pump, the timing chain, the tie rods, the radiator fan, the throttle position sensor.  FORD has some nerve calling this a car.  They should call this a heap of metal and plastic that doesn't do anything but suck money.  I have called for numerous time demanding that the recall this piece of sh--.  The paint completely faded.  Their answer was that the paint in 1989 through 1991 was a new technique in which the removed one of the steps in the paint process.  I think that the guy that made that decision should have his brain removed, if nor already done.  The paint peeled.  I had to have the car repainted.  Lincoln should take  all of the designers of this car, put them in the car,  Hook the air shocks up to the biggest air compressor and launch these morons and this sh-tty car into outerspace.  However, my luck, the da-n car would land on my new house.  In closing, if you have this car or are thinking of buying one, call me.  I will sell you mine.  Otherwise,  take the lead of a battery charger and connect one to each one of your ears and shock you head until you change your mind and buy almost any OTHER CAR.
Since I began driving cars in 1984 I have owned and leased many cars. The worst of the bunch was the Mitsubishi cars. I had major problems from day one with my 1999 Mitsubishi Galant. the dealership and Mitsubish did buy it back.. Then I had a 2000 Diamante also made by Mitsubishi, that car was also nothing but major problems. And the Diamante is the steam ship in the Mitsubishi line. The car sold at the dealership new for $35,000 .... what a rip off.... I have also driven several Lincoln Products. In 1990 a had the pleasure of leasing a Lincoln Town Car.  I must say that driving that car around was nothing less than pure pleasure and fun. For such a large car it handled very well and at times I drove that car as if I was in a sports car.(haha)  Well a few months ago I bought myself a 1989 Lincoln Town Car. The car came from a dealership in Marina California.  The car sold for $1,370.00 with 118,000 miles on it. (was also a 1 owner Car)  I had it checked out with Car Fax..  Anyway the car drives like a dream.. Power Power Power.. The seats are so comfortable and the ride is like being in a large limo... It has power seats, windows, etc. fully loaded. what a great driving car. I only hope that this car for the little money I paid will give me just as much use as I have recieved from my 1980 Mercedez Diesel touring Wagon.. 300TD.. My old Benz is still driving great with 165,000 miles on it. Drives as if it was a new car straight off the lot.... I only hope the Town Car will provide me with the same...
I would not recommend it except, they are very cheap. After about 3 or 4 years of age, they are cheap. If you can repair them yourself, it is a luxury car, at a cheaper price.   
This is a very good car if you want something cheap and to look good in.  It is very luxourios and has lots of room.  The main reason why I went for it was it looked good, it was affordable and plenty of room for my children.  It was very good on saving gas for all those baseball games, but to replace the air suspension in it is too expensive.  It was 1300$ just to replace the front.  Just think when the rear end eventually will go out, that will be 2600$.  For the long run, I will not by this car ever again.
This car is the best car I have ever owned, it is also the car I have had the longest.  For 11 years it has been providing me with comfortable reliable transportation.  I do wish that there was a bit more comming out of that engine, the 3.8's today are puting out around 200hp compared to the 89's 140.
The price for the car when new was about $28,000 in 1988. I paid $ 2,200 in 1997 and had to put about $3,000 into it to get the most important things fixed. The prices for parts are from another planet.
I paid 2000 for it and I think anybody who is considering this car should buy it. 
Still would never resell the car happy with it overall........
My daughter says it is an oldmans car however when i was 17 i always wanted a continental i finally got it i love the car it is loaded with everything it has a book value of 3600.00 I am still ahead of the game you must keep a close watch of the oil and water level or guess what ' blown head gasket' how ever a closed thermostat can also kill the gasket i recomend changing the thermostat anually weather it needs it or not. this is a 2 dollar item that can save you hundreds!
The car is great when it's running.  Lot's of neat features, such as heated mirrors, Cdn/US modes to switch between KM/Miles, Gas Remaining, etcThe best ride system, very smooth.. no one's ever spilled a drink in the car while in motion!Very roomy, seated up to 7 average people easily.Now the nightmare begins... I've had to replace all 4 air ride shocks, almost every major piece of equipment, from gaskets, altenator, to ... list goes on and on.  At the moment, the ABS system is screwed, it just locks up - I have no brakes on the car.  Wish there was a way to lose the whole ABS system.Once the shocks go, get rid of the car.  I'm planning to sell mine, hoping for a good $1000 Cdn.  If interested, please email me - it'll be great to use all the new parts to fix your own :) 
To fully appreciate the 88 Lincoln Continental, you must understand comparisons. If your wife was in the hospital having your firstborn, who you named after yourself, and you got drunk a little, left the bar with an incredibly attractive babe, spent the night with her, and found out the next day when you asked around if maybe anybody would happen to know if she had crabs??? and then found  out she had genital herpes, syphilis, clap, aids, and a propensity to sue for alienation of affection when you contacted her.....and the second day your wife was home from the hospital, she got a letter from the hospital meant for you, that advised her you were listed as a sexual contact for an HIV-positive patient.....think of this as a comparison of owning a continental as opposed to what Lincoln would like you to think, or at least, what the public has been lead to believe by their lying advertising. To be able to advertise a lincoln as anything less than incredibly overpriced scrap, is a serious flaw on the American legal system. I think all of these continental owners should unite to sue the death out of the American Bar Association and every member of that organization practicing law, and the settlement should be adequate to impoverish every member of their families not just for now, but for the next seven generations, as the Bible says. I have owned mine for four years, and will not part with it for any price, because it is a daily reminder to NEVER buy anything Ford makes again, as long as I live. Nor will my children, or my grandchildren, as long as I am alive to have any influence whatsoever in their lives. I would surmise the engineers who designed these cars, and the marketers who lied through their teeth advertising them, were released from employment by Ford, and they all started lots of dot.com outfits that sucked investors last dime away before going under, having never shown any return, other than leaving those they stole from, wiser for the experience.  How well does a continental ride? Well, it rides on air, actually large shock absorbers called struts, with basketball sized bladders on top, and so when they are all filled with air, it truly does ride on air. But that in only part of the story. Here is the full story. The shocks aka struts, are actually a very high quality piece of machinery . The car has, I think, seven computers. Here is how the suspension works, and please follow this closely. An air pump inflates the air bladders. These are the springs that support the 4400 or so pound car. Air-filled rubber springs, you could say. Now, on top of each strut is a small stepper motor that turns a small proportioning valve in the strut, internally, that determines if you have a soft ride, or anywhere between air ride only with virtually not even shock absorber action to a sports-car type very harsh ride. The power steering has a sensor which tells how often, fast, and hard(quick) you are turning the steering wheel. The car of course has 4 wheel independent suspension with anti-lock disc brakes on all four corners as well. How often and hard you brake are taken into account in the computer system as a whole, and it analyzes the braking, steering, speed, ascension-descension of travel, frequency of bumps, as well as severity of bumps, and adjusts the metering rods in the struts accordingly, to assure the best possible ride humanly possible while maintaining a safe level of control for the given driving conditions, as well as traction availability figured in with the individual wheel sensors. It also computes the angle of attack for the car to get the best possible fuel consumption possible in any and all driving situation and environment. The computer checks the driving conditions from all the sensors combined, depending on speed, temperature of exterior environment, and ascension-descension travel, varying between 88 and 130 times PER SECOND !!! You can be cruising along at 75 miles per hour in this VERY quiet car, see an emergency situation ahead, and even though you are riding on a pillow of air, when you hit the brakes hard, and before you are done turning the steering wheel half a turn, you have an incredibly traction holding sports car suspension. When the stepper motors turn the proportioning valve to the maximum position, it is virtually impossible to move the strut central rod up or down, it becomes that stiff !!! Like a solid-bar suspension, really. I defy anyone to come up with a better design for the ultimate car. When the suspension is working right, that is how it works. On paper, this is an incredible car. Now, we live real lives, on real roads, with all equipment being real. Here is a list of what has gone wrong with my car. as of this date of this writing, it has actually about 81,000 miles on it. SIX air suspension bags, three alternators, two 7-year warranty batteries,two voltage regulators, one radiator, one heater core, three digital dashes (one of them continually put miles on the odometer, it gained over 25,000 miles in one month. You can go to McDonalds, and it would gain 100 miles or so while you were inside eating a hamburger)(I bought a replacement from a dealer, he was only willing to set it back to 80,000 miles as a starter, even though I left them witness the horrendous mileage gains)(he advised me after I paid 400+ for the dash, that the left front air suspension had popped while it was in the garage)(I refused to pay 750 for the air bag to be put on there, so I had it towed home from the dealer)(six months later, the other front bag exploded in the driveway about midnight, it sounded like a shotgun blast, my family all hid for cover as I ran outside with a gun)(strange to be relieved when all you find with a gun in your hand, is the front of your car sitting on the pavement) three sets of front tires, since the air suspension keeps raising and lowering the front end as your drive, it wears the tires out so fast it isn't even funny since when the wheels are aligned(three times) the car is sitting level, and the raising and lowering changes the toe and camber-caster as well, also the AM aspect of the radio never did work well at all, but the FM is OK...all the calipers and rotors have been replaced, also at this time the motor that runs the anti lock brakes goes on vacation occcasionally, so I just pop it on top of the accumulator with a hammer with the key on, and it usually fires up after about three whacks. I called the dealer for a new motor, it's about a big as your fist, it's gonna cost 650 with me doing the work myself. It's a dealer item....according to the books, if the anti-lock fails, you still have power assist brakes. That's a total lie. You have virtually no brakes at all when the anti lock motor breaks down. It's a seious yes VERY serious design flaw. The automatic climate control computer, I think, is the culprit that talks to the other computers and tells them lies and so makes the car stall at times for no reason. And before I forget, yes, I have had a valve job done....they had almost no wear at all, I was advised by the machinist, so naturally since the head gasket blowing was why I had the valve job done, I also at that time replaced the thermostat. The door handles have all broken off at one time or another. The windows cannot be put down, or they won't be coming up until you take off a door panel to put them back on track and into the slots that are supposed to keep them in place anchored to the motor scissor assembly. Naturally the air conditioning does not work, and the car is black, so on warm days, we just hold the doors open a little as we drive. The heater is a GOOD heater in winter. Since some of these also have heated windshields, which are heated by the alternator being cut off the normal charge mode and put into a 70 volt output mode until the battery voltage drops to 11.6 volts, I have often mused that my computer that would control that aspect of the overall vehicle operation, sometimes puts 70 volts into the battery, which would explain why two really strong batteries have been fried...Please note here that I found on two of the air suspension bags of the 6 I have replaced, the rubber bladders were still good, but the strut itself had rusted out and spriung the leak. A little electro-galvanized plating on those and stronger bags, better thermostats and head gaskets, probably about 100 dollars per car, and Lincoln had a car that would actually have the best resale value of any car ever made, rather than the NEGATIVE VALUE VEHICLE that they truly are. Thanks for reading!!!
The car has required frequent and costly maintenance, a large part ofwhich relates to the many new things it broupght to the market place.Once many of these things were replaced or corrected, it started tosettle down.Regardless of the reliability factor, I have loved this car andstill do.  However, right now I am trying to find brake mastercylinder parts and have not been successful, so I may have tomodify the brake system (costly) or get rid of the car.
I have an 88 Lincoln Continental. There are worse cars out there and I am sure if I live long enough I will find one. Everything I touch in this car falls off or breaks...I am now afraid to scratch myself when driving.   This car has been towed more miles than it has been driven in the 3 years it has owned me. I have put $6000 dollars into this currency vaccuum in 2002.... and STILL, windows stop working, doors stop opening. I adjusted the mirror and the mirror fell off, I turned down the radio and the control switch fell off ... That didn't bother me long as soon the whole radio stopped working.   I had to put an entire new Jasper long block engine in it at 85000 miles and for 2,500 miles I was temporarily lulled into thinking I might actually get from point A to point B when the transmission burned up. There are numerous, SERIOUSLY, numerous other idiosyncracies.. but I have raved long enough. I have a 40x40 shop with an automobile lift so I could keep fixing it but I already have a full time job. I change the oil in all my vehicles every 3000 miles...it might take a year to get that far in this poopus non movementus. For anyone considering buying one...What the Hell is wrong with you??... I am going to find someone I dislike and give it to them if the flowers I have planted within don't grow...
I have an 88 Lincoln Continental. There are worse cars out there and I am sure if I live long enough I will find one. Everything I touch in this car falls off or breaks...I am now afraid to scratch myself when driving.   This car has been towed more miles than it has been driven in the 3 years it has owned me. I have put $6000 dollars into this currency vaccuum in 2002.... and STILL, windows stop working, doors stop opening. I adjusted the mirror and the mirror fell off, I turned down the radio and the control switch fell off ... That didn't bother me long as soon the whole radio stopped working.   I had to put an entire new Jasper long block engine in it at 85000 miles and for 2,500 miles I was temporarily lulled into thinking I might actually get from point A to point B when the transmission burned up. There are numerous, SERIOUSLY, numerous other idiosyncracies.. but I have raved long enough. I have a 40x40 shop with an automobile lift so I could keep fixing it but I already have a full time job. I change the oil in all my vehicles every 3000 miles...it might take a year to get that far in this poopus non movementus. For anyone considering buying one...What the Hell is wrong with you??... I am going to find someone I dislike and give it to them if the flowers I have planted within don't grow...
It was an occassional use car as I was growing up because my parents favored Cadillacs.  Since I took it over from them, I just leave it parked most of the time as well.  It drives great, it's required little maintainence although I had the heater core replaced last year, it was leaking.  The A/C works great and the only other issue is some oil seepage.  It's a fun car to drive around or to go out to dinner in because it's been cared for.   I am planning to just hang onto it and drive it occassionally.  In another 10-20 years it will be a really fascinating auto to drive because of it's appearance.  I rarely see them anymore and usually they appear as though they are on their last leg.  Lincolns (aside from the LS) look terrible now so this is one of the last cars from Lincoln to actually resemble a luxury car versus a hideous rounded off car with bland styling. 
GREAT CAR!!!!!! IF YOU HAVE A CHANCE TO OWN ONE, DO SO! YOU WILL NEVER REGRET IT!!!
I got this car from my dad for $1600 bucks, I got it with 400,000 miles with original engine and on it's 2nd tranny and the car still runs fine. Sometimes the tranny can shift hard and lots of wind noise. Styling is nice and boxy, just how i like it. I also own a 1998 Lincoln Mark VIII and proud of the reliability of my cars. I am a lincoln man.For being 20 years old it's a pretty good car.
My first encounter with this car was senior year in high school, my best friend and I thought it would be cool to buy an old pimp mobile as a lark, and 5 years later, I would never part with it.  When we saw it in the classifieds, I had no idea what it looked like, except big, a hump on the trunk lid, and those funny oval windows.  When we pulled up to this old lady's house, it was in the yard, it was monstrous, and it was the ugliest car I had ever seen.  I had to have it.  This car is American Old Luxury at its perfection:  Two-tone pearlescent leather upholstery; color-coordinated everything; power everything--even little power vent windows; the HUGEST power moonroof for lots of showing off on Friday nights or at the beach; a toe-switch for hands-free radio station scanning; certified five-body trunk; fakey walnut burl and chromed plasted trim EVERYWHERE--yum!; a big gas-guzzling 460 V-8 that gracefully purrs as it downshifts to first and gets to 70 m.p.h. in about 10 seconds without you even feeling it; the list just goes on!  Anyway, most people fight over shotgun; well, in this car, my friends fight over the backseat (it's really a small leather sofa back there), and it's basically a living room on wheels with lots of style and personality and way more fun than these new luxury techno-carts that come in your choice of white, off-white, or bright white, with matching white trim and derivitive body styling.  I bought mine with 50,000 miles on it and have had relatively few problems with it, and all of them were routine maintenance type problems, anyway.  I get offers for it on average twice a week, even had one guy pull over as he drove by the house and ring my doorbell about the original non-white paint job; obviously it's the cry of an American car-buying public that has had enough of this boring schlock they make today.  Now, as a disclaimer, you have to buy into certain things when choosing this as your preferred mode of vintage transportation:  this is real luxury, i.e., it's a SMOOTH car that does everything SMOOTHLY (the doors shut themselves with no slamming, in an awe-inspiring 'woomph,' with a meaty click behind it) and if you don't like the feel of 5000 lbs of steel lumbering around corners, or numb, one-finger power steering, or matress-soft all-disc braking, or multiple cloudy bounces for each and every dip and dive in the road, then this car is not for you.  And if you're afraid of a little power (the old fashioned kind), this is not for you, either.  And if you don't like fun, definitely DO NOT buy this car.
I've had this car for a over a year now with little problems. It had sat in a garage in Arizona for over 2 years; an old lady owned it and drove it to church and back. Her son knows my dad and he didn't have any use for it, so I got it for 1,500. My parents had wanted a 'safe' car for my first car. Something with steel all over and a friggin' huge hood...so this was perfect. This car had 69,000 miles on it when I got it and now has 73,000 miles. The car's condition is almost mint sans a few little scratches on the outside and a few chips of paint. Other that it needs has a cracked bezel on the back that holds the rear light (I almost had one of these bought, but I missed the bid on E-bay). There is a minor tear in the carpet behind the driver's seat (covered up with floor mats) and a small tear on the driver seat. It wasn't long after I got this car that I had began to have brake problems. The scariest thing was when I was heading down the main road in town following my friends in their little Mercury Tracer when my brake warning light went on. I had the brake pedal to the floor and that big boat keep sailing down that hill. Luckily I made it to the nearest McDonalds parking lot safe. When that problem was taken care of, and winter rolled around I began having a lot of problems where I couldn't get the engine started, and that was taken care of with a head bolt heater. I guess it makes sense; a 24 year old car that spent its life in warm Arizona...ending up in cold, long, Wyoming winters.This car has really been great to me. There's been minor work to be done, and I got new tires not so long ago but I feel that is understandable for an older car. Everytime I have gone to a mechanic I've recieved various compliments, even from people in town. I'd recommend this car to anyone looking for something safe, reliable, and an older luxery car that you don't nessisairly see all around. After owning this car I don't know if I could ever feel safe in a little econobox, and as the mechanics have told me-'it's a classic!'
You morons that leave negative reviews really need to think about what you are saying. When you buy a 10 year old car with miles on it, you are buying something that someone else may have abused. With proper maintenance any vehicle will last 150,000 miles or more without problems.    Think a little bit, darn it.
I can't believe reading all of these reviews about this best American car. Where did all these morons come from??? Buying some 10-15 year old car and trying to complain about it when they paid like $400 or $500????     I have a 2001 fully loaded Continental and it is simply the best car I have ever driven in.    No problem and no complaints. BEST OF THE BEST!!! comes very close to Benz and Bimmers.    I will post my review about my car really soon    None of the GM or Chrysler vehicles even come close to Lincoln!!    I wish Carreview would take off reviews of those dumb bums with some junk yard cars that are fully depreciated!!!    Those bums don't count
I would reccomend anybody to buy this car.  It has been one of the nicest cars I've driven.  The price was well worth it.  You get EXCELLENT service at Lincoln dealers and its not as if you didn't pay for it!!
Great car! Turns heads everywhere I go. Looks as good as any beemer out there
I paid $11K for a 4 year old - 36K original Km LS V6, added another $4.5 K in engine mods(including turbo & dry nitrous), extreme handling suspension, 18' X 9.5' billet wheels and BFG Z rated tires. It now outperforms the best sedans and coupes from Germany, Japan, and North America and still gets great gas mileage. All for under $15K. P.S. Best E.T. to date 11.50 @ 108.26 mph in 90 degree weather with the AC& CD on and my wife driving. No skid pad data yet, but planned for 2010 
Awesome car. All the luxuries for a good price. No problems so far. Get lots of compliments about car. Love it!
The vehicle gets poor gas mileage, an average of 21mpg. The master cylinder for the brakes leaks and has been replaced 3 times. They say fluid is being pushed out of the cap of the master cylinder. The heat shelds under the car rattle. Large blind spots make the vehicle hard to drive.I looked at a Honda and I will get one soon.
Good value. Stylish, good ride and performance for the money. Comfortable to drive. Have had on several long trips. Have 7K miles now. Have begun to notice hot start problem a few times. Takes 2 to 3 tries to start after shutting down after a drive. Otherwise satisfied.
First of all, I love the looks of this car.  That's what makes it so disapointing that I have had problems.  Tha latest is a loud drone at highway sppeds.  I took it back to the dealer, but they told me it was tire pressure, but it still drones louder than ever.  The car gets terrible gas mileage, only 20mpg on pure highway driving (it's a V6 too). I have also had problems with noises (popping and buzzing) coming from the rear speakers which the dealer can't seem to be able to fix.  I just drove a friends Acura 3.2TL and it beats my Lincoln hands down.
I brought the car previously owned in january 2001 with 39k miles.  I was impressed with how nice it felt to drive having had it in the shop twice for broken back power windows and now the transmission may be going out,I regret the purchase.I love the way it handles and the steering, brakes and the control I have drving it.  However its a bit noisy on the hwy and the Corolla I'm renting has a better sound system it then my LS and the big picture my transmission is giving me problems.I say owner beware if your lincoln ls is pushing 50,000 miles or more.The first 7 month were wonderful but after the car reached 50k miles I'm  having problems with the auto-transmission. When shifting gears from park to drive it jerks, bucks it a horse. It is especially bad when it is put in reverse. That feels like the car is trying to jump into two gear at the same time. presently in the shop.
Just sold is to my brother. Official LS service manuals (two volumes) available.  $50 with free shipping.
First thing you should know is that the LS is several different cars, not all of them up to snuff. The regular LS is soft, and doesn't handle great, just OK. You need the sport suspension package and another stability option to see how good this car really is. It's a shame that you have to option up to get what should be there to start, but this is a game of advertising a low price, that no one buys one at anyway!   Best American sedan if you value handling and control. Equals a BMW or Jag at thousands less. Had forgotten how good rear wheel drive can be, with the last front wheelers I've had. Best bang for your buck, most fun I've had in years. A pleasure to drive. If Ford would fix the little things, this would be a huge seller for them. Bad word of mouth will ruin it. Start with making the dealers respond to customers. I bought a Lincoln and I'm treated like I have a Focus! That won't do.
NICE CAR, UNFORTUNATELY THE 2000 MODEL LS DOES NOT PERFORM TO MY EXPECTATIONS OF WHAT A WORLD CLASS LUXURY CAR SHOULD BE. THE 2000 MODEL IS PLAGUED WITH WAY TO MANY PROBLEMS, THAT THE DEALER SIMPLY CANNOT FIX. THIS IS UNFORTUNATE SINCE I HAVE LOST ALL FAITH IN THIS VEHICLE. I WAS TOLD THE 2001 AND BEYOND WILL NOT HAVE THAT MANY BUGS.
This 2000 LS V-8 model has so many major & minor problems.My LS have replace the whole differential gear , Even after fit it, ther is  still lots of noise on the speed 50 miles hour.Driver side safety belt's tention is not enough and always tangle in door panel which make door damage.  Fan was defect in moisture sensor windshield area and replaced it, but still wind noise there.I like this car only on engine power and smooth suspention and accurate all traction control.I'm not recommand this car.
The most impressive car I ever seen.  I always love the ride of a Linclon, but I didnt like the style and models they had.  When the LS came out I knew I had to get one.  What can I say its a sporty car with all the toys and still have the luxury of a Linclon..
I am so frustrated with this car.  Can't keep it out of the shop but always told the same thing - 'we couldn't find anything'.  Although it looks really sharp, the problems outweigh the look.
Overall this is a great car that does not have many weaknesses. The only problem that i have had with it so far has been that the alarm ws too sensitive and went off with a breath. Its a great car to own and should have higher ratings thaan deserved.
Its the car you love but have to hate! :(
I purcased this car based on price brand new it was $24,000( It was $8,000 off the sticker) I thought it was a bargain After 4 Years I no longer consider it a bargain
great value.this is the best you can get for your money,i put more than 60000mi without major problems.i think the reviewers who complained above about minor problems or some nonsense things never ever owned luxury vehicle before,first of all the luxury level vehicles are not reliable compare to mid -size or compact class(they are equpied with so much featurees and computer controll functions),second needs special maintenance interval schedule and third of all and most important is knowing your driving expectation.all complaines made above about the power windows,sparking plugs coils,brakes etc.. are not aceptible,complains about design,tranny,engine are aceptible.this ford product stands higher compere to assian luxury vehicle and bit lower compere to eurpeans luxury vehicles(finishing quality is beter and engineering management is beter on europeans models)on the end don't forget that luxury cost a lot.
Do like like this car for the price paid. looks nice on outside, inside too cramped. problems with tires, flat spots in less than 15,000 miles, dealer says 'tough', not covered. would expect much more for the price paid.
My wife loves it and drives it everyday. It had several minor problems (all fixed) but has an annoying driveshaft vibration above 70mph that the dealer and maker refused to fix completely. They replace the driveshaft and it's better but still worse than any car I've owned in the past. I wouldn't buy it again.
Overall the car feels tight and solid but lacks some basic comforts one would expect in a vehicle listing for $48000.00. Also quality issues have presented themselves from the outset of purchase.
When I needed to replace my car, I hesitated between buying another mid site ordirary car or treat myself and go for a luxury one. One thing I new for sure was that it had to be one with a manual transmission. With the second vehicule at home an automatic mini-van, we concluded that an automatic transmission got our driving very boring. With this single requirement, I started shopping using web sites like carpoint and auto123.    The typical european car showed up along with the Lincoln LS. At first, that made me laugh a little bit. I was not familiar with the LS and thaught it was not for my kind of driver. So I started evaluating the various descriptions and technical specification of the model selected. Oddly enough, at that time, no japanese car showed up in the list. They are focusing on automatic transmission and tip tronic alike.    I later refined the search by including a price component. My objective was to select a car that was leased for under $700/month. I went and tried many european car, the BMW turned me off when I notice that the BMW 3 dash equipement had the same look as in 91 when I lived in Europe!!! The Mercedes C had a definitely more modern look with all my preferred option with many of them as an option. The Audi was a very interesting option. The Quattro thing was a definite plus in the Montreal snow, but the leg room on the back seat is ridiculous.     That’s when I start paying attention to the Lincol LS. It included a reasonable list of equipment complimented with the sport package( better suspension, 17in. weels etc…) and the commodity package( most electrical buttons!) still met the budget objectives.    I went for a road test but unfortunately, I couldn’t try a manual one. We went for a ride with a tiptronic one. This car was definitely the roomiest I very good seating etc… but frankly, the tiptronic transmission was a real turn off. There was an annoying delay between the shifts and it response from the car and sorry guys but this remains daddy’ old automatic transmission.      That last road test left me with no real exciting option in front of me.  That was until one month later when a friend told me that a Lincoln dealer near the office had a manual LS is its showroom with the right options.  Wow, that second ride was something: the Getrag transmission was smooth to manipulate both up or down shifting. While being smooth, y
The LS is a turnaround from the cushy grandma movers of Linclon's latter. It is quick, responsive, and quite possibly the best balanced car I have driven, and I have had the privlage to drive exotics. It has the power, particularly, in the low-end range. It has the grunt cars like my 'lude' don't have. Even though it is the six it can still move. I have driven the eight and it really isn't faster because the five speed manual is not avalable. Its interior is comfortable and spacious without being gaudy. The backseats are pariculary good and are elevated to accomadate taller passengers. The most notable feature is transmission. I have the 5 speed manual with the sport package. This transmission it fluid and quick. It feels like a sport car with the way it just wants to climb up. It can double dowshift with ease and can handle this fullsize car with confidence. You can truly drive this care not simply operate it. The quality is great. It has the bulky american durability found on all Ford manufactured automobiles, but this vheicle is more refined. The crome is thick and shiny. The fittings are seamless, and the paint is a mile deep. This is what an American luxury veicle should be. I am proud to be a LS owner.
This is a great car for a driving enthusiast.  The rear-drive, manual shift, luxury-sport automobile really only has two contenders - the bimmer and this.  The BMW is a very good car, but not nearly the value and some of us resent the whole yuppie-scum image that goes with a BMW.  I recommend the Lincoln LS in the highest possible terms - but Lincoln should really get it together and offer the V-8 in a manual shift!!
see weaknesses
Nice looking car. Leased it with the knowledge that Lincoln backs it's products and have been a ford owner for 25 years.  4 adults is too much for the vehicle.  Controls overall are adequate but not outstanding of rthe price.  Getting in and out of the vehicle could be a problem for older people or someone with a hip problem.  I like the looks but not the value.
This is my second LS. I put 54K trouble free miles on my 2000 and Only shopped the E320 and DTS before deciding on another LS. The 2003 is definately superior to the older models. It feels tighter, higher quality, better power train. The steering is also a bit more precise. Overall this car is competative with anything out there.
The purchase experience was as good as I’ve seen with Infiniti and Acura. I had plenty of time to drive several different cars over a 2-day period and there was no heavy sales pressure. The dreaded “meeting with the finance manager” was painless and quick, with a minimal of paperwork. The exterior styling is elegant, clean & well proportioned. Doors close solidly. Aluminum hood has a light feel opening. Interior is in good taste & well organized. Perforated leather front seats are thick & supportive. Front seat controls allow plenty of adjustment. Steering wheel & foot pedals are power adjustable. Rear seats are raised which helps rear seating position. Dash is very well laid out & logical, better than BMW. Controls are easily accessible and visible. There are many standard goodies. Interior storage is good: deep arm rest storage with coin holders, glove box , dash utility tray, door map pockets, pockets behind front seats. Radio has great sound, 6 speakers & in-dash CD. All controls are lit at night. LS drives great. Ride is smooth & comfortable. Interior noise level is muted. Handling is satisfying & precise. Acceleration is brisk at all speeds. Quick lane changes & sharp turns feel secure. Driving on rough roads has with minimal vibration. Turning radius is excellent. Braking slows car smoothly.
NICE CAR SORTA PLAIN JANE LOOKING  GREAT RIDE AND HANDLING  NICE AMMENITIES
Best car I have had. This is my second LS This one and the 2000 never had the problems others talking about. Very sporty excellent ride. Closet handling in a sedan to my former Camaro Z28 and Vette.
I have had many problems with this car. The most unforgiveable one is with the tires. I have 17' Bridgstones and they have flat spots, they ride bumpy and are unacceptable. Bridgstone has said this car is too heavy for these tires. Yet Ford will do nothing with this problem. I have stopped payment on this car and have returned the car to the dealership. The dealership doesn't want 'another' Lincoln LS back. If anyone else has this problem please contact me as I am planning to take legal action, after all this is a saftey issue. Nick   (tuna@pathcom.com)
The car is very attractive to look at, however I have had problems with the car from day 1. The car should have never been delivered. Paint was spotted, windshields had scratches in it. Microphone was not installed from the factory for the VCS system in the car. A car that carries a sticker for $47,000 should not have these problems. Oh the service is not great, I have taken the car in for warranty work only to receive it back with dints, and scratches and door panels damaged. I have read tons of bad reviews about the LS....Don't you think that Lincoln would try to resolve these issues.
THIS IS THE WORST CAR I HAVE EVER OWNED.  IT HAS BEEN AT THE DEALERSHIP FOR OVER 40 DAYS IN EIGHT MONTHS.IT HAS STEERING NOISES, VIBRATES, WATER LEAKS, USES A QUART OF OIL EVERY 600 TO 700 MILES.AC VERY NOISY ON HOT DAYS(IN DASH BLOWER ETC.)DEALER NEEDS TO STICK TO SELLING KIA  THE SERVICE IS VERY POOR.
V8, Leather, Sunroof. We've been in a SUV for 8 years so it was nice to get into a luxury car again. We love it. Runs great, good mileage, sporty,
Great car. Smooth power and wonderful handling. Attractive looks. Quiet interior with all you would expect from a 'near luxury' sedan. Given the current rebates and 0% financing, a great value.
Nice car all around.
The room of a 7 series BMW. The performance of a 5 series and less expensive than a similarly equiped 3 series. The best everyday car I have ever owned. The other reviewers that complained about the few problems should have read the TSBs and they would have been better able to deal with their service depts. There is a fix for the rear window regulators. Can't fault Lincoln. The original supplier is the same one Mercedies and BMW uses. I'd buy another LS in a hartbeat.
Overall this is one of the best Ford or Lincoln vehicles that I have driven. My family is 3 generations of Ford employees (grandfather(s), father, mother, and husband is Ford Credit employee. I have driven a lot of Ford family automobiles from the Escort, Tracer, Cougar both models, Explorer(s), F-150,etc. and I find this the most enjoyable vehicle I have ever driven. I have leased my last 3 vehicles but the LS is the only vehicle I have ever considered purchasing or either leasing for a second time.
I have owned the car for over a year. It has about 16,0000 miles on it.The car is always an attention getter. It is a very pretty car. I was enticed to buy it by the 0% interest offered and the generally good reviews I have seen on the 2001 and newer LSs. I like the larger chrome wheels. The ride is a little stiff.
When I park the car and leave it alone the sunroof opens, all four doors unlock and all four windows go down by themselves. I had it in the garage last fall and it stopped for a while but now has resumed. Additionally one side of the airvents will blow cold air and the other side will blow hot air. I am afraid to park the car and leave it becaue it unlocks itself and puts the windows down. Has any one else had these problems. The mechanic said it is electrical problems but has not been able to fix it.
I love this car and have had no serious warranty problems in the 22,000 miles driven in it during the first nine months of ownership. It handles well, has a nice interior with enough room for me and everything I have so far needed to carry, plenty of power with the V-8 engine, and economical enough (18-20 MPG overall).
I purchased my LS in March 2002 with 27,000 miles on it. I have had nothing but problems with it since I bought it. I am getting no satisfaction from the dealership. They won't even work with me to trade the car. They told me the best thing for me to do is try to sell it myself. I would not recommend this car to anyone.
Excellent car for the money.  Very reliable car. In shop only for routine maintenance. My kids like it better than my old Camry.
Prefect size, convenience, features, handling and overall performance. Quality seems to be improved over the 2000 models. However, the car has not been trouble free. There are great features about this car, but the build quality and durability is in question.The Japanese makers would have done a better job in assembly. A good first attempt by Lincoln, but needs improvements.
Very Nice Car
Overall we have been pleased with our LS.  We bought the V-6 with the sport package.  We have only had it 4 months and so far we have had one problem.  The steering wheel radio controls do not work properly.  The seek makes the volume go up and the volume doesn't do anything.  Lincoln claims that the radio is sending the wrong signal and have ordered us a new radio.  There is a service bulletin out on this according to Lincoln.  I don't know if it effects all radio types or only those with the built in cd changer.
I needed a larger vehicle than the '95 Mitsubishi 3000GT I owned but didn't want to loose the performance and handling.  After road-testing and checking out several other vehicles, I found the Lincoln LS came closest to meeting all of my requirements: good performance and handling, enough interior space for two adults and three kids, adequate trunk space and plenty of luxo features.
The LS i purchased recently is by far one of the most beautiful cars i have ever seen, and everyday i drive it i find something new that i love about it.  The limited production of the series (only 200 produced for the model year) makes it collectible, while the thick back ground effects makes it the most aggresive american sedan on the road.  If you are interested in purchasing an LS, make the extra commitment of time and money, and find yourself a super sport.  
This car is fantastic!  It's my favorite one of all the ones that I've owned.  It wasn't my first choice because I had never owned a Lincoln before (I mostly drive GM products) but this car blew away my concept of Lincoln's as fuddy-duddy cars.  It's tight, responsive, and the handling is amazing.  Plus the seats are first rate (even for my bad back) and that in dash CD changer alone makes the car worth it (no more stooping into the trunk or glovebox to change out CD's) I don't know how other Lincoln dealerships are, but Momentum was FIRST RATE.  In fact, it was because of their outstanding service and attention to details that swayed me to Lincoln in the first place.  Chris Horner was extremely patient and didn't try to pull any scams.  Excellent car, excellent dealership, excellent all the way around.  Highly recommended!!
Best car I ever owned. Great power, smooth shifts with SST, great on the freeway, even greater on the twisties. Drove from Wndsor to Sea-Ranch with my wife who gets car sick. Up,down, and around for about 35 miles. The car stays so flat she never even burped. This baby can move, corner, and keep it's occupants comfortable. The seats are wonderful, the sound system excellent, the climate control perfect, and the payments are low.Truly American Luxury. 
They major draw back is the deprecation. I swear This car with only 44K mile is valued between 11-15K. Though the styling is still jaw dropping, especially if you add after factory rims/wheels. I’ve added 20in Veloche chrome Vendetta’s. I’ve experienced only minor problems; window regulator went out twice (WARRENTY).
Purchased this car new with the V-8 sports package and it turned into a nightmare. The car became very difficult to start after it was driven and shutdown for two hours (hot start problem). I took the vehicle in for warranty repair 11 times without success. Ford had engineers and their executive office involved, and no repair was successful. I had to take them to arbitration to get a refund on the vehicle because they said they could not repair the car, and would not replace it.     Other problems included a noisy air conditioner that could be heard inside of the car, a damaged chrome alloy wheel(replaced by Lincoln), seat backs that constantly fall off, and a front panel that fell off the car.
My first Linclon! Awesome product! First American sedan that I am actually proud to drive. I added a K&N Air Intake and chip, to the 32 valve, 3.9 liter V8~~~~~see ya acura, infiniti, lexus, honda, nissan, pontiac, 3 and 5 series beemers. No problem when is comes time to pass a cheap, souped-up asian import on the highway.
i bought it used with 100,000 miles on it. the people who owned it never took care of it and ragged it out. i have spent a little over 1,000 so far. The only things left to do is ball joints, tie rod ends, and some normal mainetance.but with that comes with how expensive the parts are and that you can only get them from a dealership. new suspension parts from and rear is round 5,000 bucks. normal parts for other cars arent made the same and because of the better parts for the car makes it the ride it is.
One of the worst cars i have ever owned. I am currently trying to get a buy back under Georgias Lemon Law.Loud tire noise with factory tires
Great car for the first two weeks. Then I started getting a grinding noise in the dash when starting after sitting in the sun. It has been to two dealerships, and two 'engineers' and the problem is still there. Not to mention a back window dropping, transmission problems, and one dealership replacing tires because they 'sensed' flat spots during a test drive while it was in the shop.
RIDES GREAT STRONG MOTOR TOP NOTCH BRAKING NO PROBLEMS IN WINTER WITH ADVTRACK VERY LOUD STERO 6 DISH IN DASH ALPINE LOVE THE WOOD IN SIDE LARGE TRUNK SAME INSIDE OVER ALL GREAT VALVE FOR MONEY IF THE PRICE IS RITE SHOP AROUND!!
Looks great and drives great when its not in the shop or will actually start.  I have had a re-occuring problem with mine where when the car has been driven around and warmed up and then you park it and come back to it in say 30mins to an hour the car will not start correctly.  It takes 3 long cranks everytime to get the car to turn over and the engine also omits a funny odour. The dealership though has been great not their fault and they have been very hospitable, would definetly recommend them to anyone from this area.
Handsome without being a showboat mobile.  Classy, modern lines and angles in the body design.Rides smooth and handles as if adhesive is on the tires.Power from the V8 is competent.Interior is roomy and controls are at easy reach. Good leather and comfort supported seats. Auto/Manual select electronic trans is a little vague when switching under heavy traffic at times but not bad.No reports of nosies or eletronic bugs yet.Fairly quiet ride. All in all a good driver's car.
Great looking car with good road handling characteristics but has too many irritating problems: noisy air blower system, water in headlights, defective wheel, differential noise between 40-50 mph when decelerating. Road noise. Service department is totally unsatisfactory--require multiple visits for same problem.
Great looking car with good road handling characteristics but has too many irritating problems: noisy air blower system, water in headlights, defective wheel, differential noise between 40-50 mph when decelerating. Road noise. Service department is totally unsatisfactory--require multiple visits for same problem.
V8 Lincoln LS 2000 sport edition with spoiler, bought with 56,000 miles. It test drove better than any other in its class (Nissan Maxima, Acura TL, Infinity I30). Rides like a dream and haven't experienced noise problems like others have. Biggest complaint is both rear power windows have broken within 2 months and electrical problems seem to keep popping up. I drove a '95 Maxima for 5 years with less service problems than the LS for 3 months.
This is by FAR the best car we have ever owned or even driven. It seems to do everything just right. In this car I have driven 1000 mile trips without fatigue and I have also raced it successfully on a road course. For the money, you can't do better. Period. I listen to lots of people complain that this is the worst car they ever had. These people have had bad luck. I am a member of a 1500+ member LS owners club and I can say with some authority that their experiences are VERY unusual. My wife is looking to get one of these for herself and I will be getting another when I use this one up! I'm currently at 65K miles with NO problems.
great looking car, but if only it ran as well as it looked.have had many of the same problems others have had with the noisy breaks, idiot lights coming on for no reason etc..etc..
Both rear windows fell down, had to replace regulators. Have a thumping/rattle in the front end, that I can't find. Fun to drive
Both rear windows fell down, had to replace regulators. Have a thumping/rattle in the front end, that I can't find. Fun to drive
I'm one of the first to 70,000 miles. This car has it's bugs. To list; the windows, the rattling noise under the hood, the seat plates on the rear floor, the slow responding trans, sensitve to different gas, most recently the Air Bag light is on:(. This is this vehicles first year, but they shouldn't have been so cheaply made.
Heard great things about this car. V8 makes for great acceleration, but bells and whistles seem to be breaking all the time. Transmission whines loudly between 40 and 50 mph. Getting competent service for it is a problem. Scary to think of keeping it beyond 50K mile warranty.
THE CAR HAS AN OVERALL CLASSY LOOK. IT TURNS A LOT OF HEADS. THE EXTERIOR IS EXCELLENT, BUT THE INTERIOR LACKS STORAGE SPACE. I'VE HAD TROUBLE PUTTING THE CAR IN REVERSE A FEW TIMES, AND START-UP IS SLOW. THE HAS AN EXTREMELY PEACEFUL RIDE ON THE HIGHWAY. IT FEELS LIKE i'M RIDING ON AIR. THE CAR DOES HAVE A SQUEAKING NOISE COMING FROM THE REAR ROTOR. I TOOK IT BACK TO THE DEALER WHERE I BOUGHT IT, THEY SAID IT SHOULD WEAR OFF. I'M PRETTY YOUNG SO THE LINCOLN MAKES ME FEEL OLDER
This car is garbage.
I have had nothing but problems with my lemon I mean Lincoln. I have never been so disappointed in a car. I have regretted my purchase 1 1/2 years of the 2 I have had it.
Have had this car just about 1 yr and haven't had a single problem with it. It's luxurious and a real treat to myself to drive it. After reading so many negative reviews, I had to write about my positive experience with it.
Purchased LSE V-8 new. Carpet was cut too short and was replaced. 2 total transmission failures in first 14,000 miles. Rear windows are a constant source of operation failures. Thankfully, are problems have been repaired under warranty. Car now has 30,000 miles. Sure am glad I purchased the extended warranty. Cant wait to be able to get rid of what was my dream car. Unfortunately,however, depreciation for this car is much worse than average. Looks like I'm stuck with my dream car for awhile longer. Maybe the Koreans can do better than Ford....
This car has had so many issues. And the maintence is so high. I recently had problems with battery contiuously dying. Took it to the shop yesterday and they are still searching for the source. And not to mention the costly repairs! If I had known then like I know now I would have just gotten a regular old car that was low on maintence!
I bought this car in September and was immediately bombarded with problems. The right front wheel barring, leaks, catalytic converter, and now as hot as it is in Dallas-- the ac blows HOT!!!!!! I hate that I bought this lemon and of course what needs to be fixed isn't covered by the warranty!!!! The dealership 'helped' me by giving the parts at cost and offering me $100 for every customer that I refer to them---are you f&*^%$# nuts, I wouldn't recommend you to my worst enemy!!I've only put 8k miles on this hoopty. I was told not to buy an American sedan and wish I had not.
So Far so good. I have the 5 speed manual. Makes this car really shine. Everyone loves the looks. Better than a 4 door Mustang? It makes me smile when I drive it.
Don't have time for many words - see below
Overall, the car has not been a good experience so far. Jacky Jone Ford (dealer) has been great! It's not their fault, they didn't build this thing.
With a better build, this would be an excellent car: it rides very comfortably, has plenty of pep (V6), and everything is conveniently located.
Nice body style, understated but clean.   Distinctive, don't see as many but is picking up in popularity. Love the ride( nothing beats a Lincoln ride). Got 3 tickets already, (need a fuzzbuster), really flies! Good value for money at the time.
When I first got the car, although used it looked and felt brand new. Everything was operational and I fell in love with the car. But soon afterwards I began having problems - steering controls for radio, cruise, airbag quit working - was not blown fuse, never found problem. The heat plate rattled. The rear air quit blowing, plastic on back of seats kept popping off. Then I started having one problem after another with the motor - wouldn't idle, heat quit working, overflow reservoir busted. Parts and labor started racking up!
I had this car about 2 months before I started having problems. If I would have took the money I paid for it plus the money I've spent repairing it I would have been able to buy a new one. I got a wrnty with the car but it sucked! Didn't want to cover any repair cost.  I wish I would not have bought it. I will never buy another american made car.
I purchased my 2000 Lincoln LS in 2003. Up until last year car ran great, but now I am constantly replacing engine coils. Lincoln service technicians tell me it's a known problem with LS's. To me sounds like an engineering defect lincoln does't want to own up to. Car looks nice but that's it. I will never by another Licoln or any dometically made car!
Car looks awesome, rides nice, has plenty of power for normal driving. It's super comfortable like a luxury car should be. BUT, just like every other American car I've owned, it's a money pit. Time to go back to Honda.
I love the look and feel of the car just wish it didn't have so many problems.
This car is a piece of junk I had put a brand new motor in the car and Ford DOES NOT STAND BEHIND there projects, I have called and called in regards to my car and sent e-mail after e-mail and still hear nothing from them isnt that sad! How do you get to the bottom of this?
I bought this beautiful car for a song. Good thing I did b/c it has been in the shop frequently. Started with cores then 2 a/c compressors, now cooling system for second time and airbags and leaking hydraulic fluid. Runs great when you've got the money to keep it running.
I have had nine (9) major expensive issues happen to my car. It was a lemon off the lot. The Dealership laughed in my face. They stole my trade in and never let me know how strong my credit was. They told me they were lucky to have gotten me financed and the price was the price because of it. Sold me a useless extended warranty. They would not fix the piece of junk 24 hours after it left the lot. Steve Stanfill and Don Jenkins should be in jail with deals like this. MILITARY PERSONNEL BEWARE!!!!!!
First car to absolutely EXCEED my pre-purchase expectations. I wanted a luxury/performance vehicle and the LS fits both desires perfectly.
Great Automobile! This baby drives like a rocket and looks classier than a Beamer. I don't like the back of the 2004 models (less sporty). It has been in the shop a few times for small problems (most fixed under 4 year warrantee). My Ford repair shop fixed some known problems BEFORE they became an issure. Way to go Ford!!
This is the worst car. I have had so many problems - latest all eight coils had to be replaced.  Head casket problems, seat won't heat, cup holder broke, it seems like this car is in for repair every other month. Too many problems
Beautiful car. Only problem was a window mechanism in the back door had to be replaced. I was involved in an accident at 7 months in it and was saved by my car. I held up very well. I am going today to purchase another one. I love the LS.
Great car! I love the way it looks and drives. I got this car at a steal I paid 10K for it with 78,000 Mi. on it and i'm up to about 87,000 Mi. I have had no mojor problems with it.
Great looks. One of the classiest looking cars on the road. Very nice paint quality. Rocket V-8 when you get on it and reserved when you don't. Handles very nicely. There are not many two-ton cars can take a half moon exit ramp at 45+ and not scare you. In fact...speed up and the suspension seems to stiffen.
I hate this car. This is my first Lincoln, I've always driven Cadillacs and loved them. This LS has cost me so much money I could have bought 2 Cadillacs buy now. Its just falling to pieces, the ash tray wont even open. Plastic parts fall off, I dont know alot about mechanics but my husband finds something wrong with it everyday. Piece of junk, my damn windshield wiper flew off going down the road. Two of my friends bought one and theirs are falling apart also.
I loved the car when I first saw it. But lately I have had nothing but problems. I bought the car in July of 05. I wish I could sell it back to them. The problems started merely 2 months after. Figures!!
The new Lincoln LS was a good car overall. It has nice styling, it's REALLY fast with the 8 cylinder, and it has a nice ride. However, there are flaws. There was a rattle in the driver door panel, the interior is VERY plain, and the back seat is a little small. Also, the lease price came to a hefty $945 per month!!! (cdn) roughly the same amount as a 2000 Cadillac DeVille (very nice car). Its a good car, but there are flaws in this heavily-hyped automobile.
The LS is overall a great car.  This is the best to come from Ford and I cannot wait to see what comes from Ford next!  This car ROCKS!
Bought the car used off a 1 year lease. Ford gave a free extended warranty to 100,000 KM. Basic model with 5 speed automatic V6 and cloth seats. Handles very well, safe crash rating also excellent on long trips
This car is the ultimate to drive & I think Ford should be congratulated. The stereo system,the ride,the power,the ease of driving makes me not want the trip to end. We are so pleased with this car that we plan to buy another one. One suggestion -- if you testdrive this car,bring your checkbook with you because you will want to buy it. I believe that the LS can compete with Mercedes E-class. In short, it's just an absolute pleasure to drive & own. I feel very safe in it, it's very comfortable & I've taken it up to 110 mph across Fla. & it was cruising.What a car!!!
This is a great car for the price.  Similar entries from Lexus give less headroom and less power in the engine.  I've had no problems after six months and 14000 miles driving in Texas and Oklahoma.  The control layout could be improved *slightly* but is still very good.  The base stereo/CD is more than adequate for me since I primarily listen to news stations.  I don't get to use the SelectShift much in Rush Hour, but it's a great addition and better than other, similar offerings.  All in all, an outstanding buy.
IT'S REAL OBVIOUS THAT FORD MADE AN OUTSTANDING LEAP INTO A CATAGORY OF AUTOMOBILE THEY WERN'T QUITE SUITED FOR. THE LINCOLN LS IS AN OUTSTANDING AUTOMOBILE FOR THE PRICE, BUT THEY FORGOT SOME IMPORTANT ISSUES . . CUSTOMER RELATIONS. THE TRANSMISSION PROGRAMMING ISSUE IS VERY IMPORTANT!FORD JUST WOULD NOT DEAL WITH THIS PROBLEM. THEY SHUT THE DOOR IN MY FACE.THE 100% DISREGARD FOR MY CONCERNS AND BUSINESS THAT FORD HAS DISPLAYED HAS BEEN 100% FATAL TO MY FUTURE OWNERSHIP OF ANOTHER! THEY HAVE NO CLUE AS TO HOW A CUSTOMER AT THIS DOLLAR LEVEL DESERVES TO BE TREATED, NOT A HINT! AS SOON AS MY COURT CASE IS OVER, I'M GOING HOME TO GM. THEY AREN'T MUCH BETTER. I SIMPLY DON'T LIKE THE PERFORMANCE OR PRICE OF IMPORT V-8'S.THIS IS A REAL SHAME FOR ME BECAUSE I REALLY LIKE THE LS ALOT. I CAN'T DO BUSINESS WITH A COMPANY THAT HAS NO RESPECT FOR THE VERY PEOPLE THAT SUPPORT THEM. MY FIRST CAR WAS A FORD.IN CLOSING, LET ME SHARE WHAT I HAVE LEARNED IN 20 YEARS OF DOING BUSINESS WITH THE BIG 3, YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE DEALERSHIPS SERVICE DEPARTMENT STAFF IS 500% MORE IMPORTANT THAN THE VERY PURCHASE OF YOUR DREAM CAR. ALL AMERICAN AUTOMAKERS WILL BOW UP AGAINST YOU OVER AN UNRESOLVABLE OR DISPUTED PROBLEM IF YOU STAND UP TO THEM. THEY WILL NOT BE CORNERED, AND YOU WILL LOOSE WITHOUT THE HELP OF YOUR COURTS! I'M LIVING PROOF. (2TIMES) A STRONG RELATIONSHIP WITH YOUR SERVICE DEPARTMENT, SERVICE WRITER, AND SERVICE MANAGER CAN AND WILL BUFFER YOU FROM THESE TROUBLES. INVESTIGATE IT EXTENSIVLY! IF YOU DON'T FEEL WARM AND FUZZY WITH THE SERVICE DEPARTMENT, DON'T BUY YOUR CAR THERE! ! ! ! ! ! ! FOR NOW, IT'S SCOTT OSWALT, PLANTIFF vs. FORD MOTOR COMPANY, INC. IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF DAVIDSON COUNTY AT NASHVILLE TENNESSEE. 
I have studied the message boards on Edmunds and others for 18 months,and the response to this car is almost entirely positive. Biggest gripeis lack of Manual V8 and minimal interior storage. The list of complimentsgo on for pages. 
NEEDS MORE AFTERMARKET PARTS. SPOILERS, CHIPS, MUFFLERS, EXHAUST. IF YOU HAVE ANY INFO ON THESE PARTS PLEASE E-MAIL ME.THANK YOU
When i got the car with selectshift, the tranny reacted very slowly to down+upshifts so i put a aftermarket chip in and all of a sudden it shifts quicker than lightning. The handling is superb when compared to other american cars. The computer gives you all the info you need from oil life to when your tranny overheats. Low price when compared to other import's that conmpete with the LS. Ford Motor Company and Lincoln did a good job on the LS.
I believe that this car is a strong dollar value. Although it has some faults, and may not be equal to the 8 Cyl. Luxury imports such as Mercedes, BMW, and Lexus,in fit and finish it also costs about $15000. less than any of the above in an 8 Cyl. version.
Very poor performance from engine, but great handling.  The engine stumbles and seems to be looking for a new gear when accelerated hard.  Car actually takes a nose dive before acceleration kicks in, takes about a second or two.  Very aggravating and disappointing for a 40000 dollar car.  Service treats you like crap and can't rectify any problem.
Put it on the road with an extended warranty for $35K. Saved almost $2100 off sticker. Everything is holding up nicely at 12K miles. I genuinely love this car and would buy another in a second.  The dealer I purchased from was Dulaney LM in Towson,MD and they treat me better than the Porsche dealer and as good as the BMW dealer did when I owned those brands.
Overall, an outstanding 'driver's car' that begs to be driven and driven hard/fast.  Really eats up interstate miles and twisty back country roads!  Provides outstanding road manners, great overall & balanced performance, and great value.  My loaded LS8 had an MSRP of $39,400.  Came well equipped (Sport Pkg, AdvanceTrac, sunroof, 6-disc changer, audiophile, & heated seats) and looks nice.  Gets lots of compliments, even from our doctor who has a '98 Lexus LS400.  Lincoln needs to work aggressively to improve sales and service environment for customers.  Treated more like buying a Mercury Sable than a Lincoln.  Miss the special treatment I used to receive at Reagan Infiniti (they were the best!).  Have had some initial bugs to be worked out.  So far, service issues with transmission, heated seats, windows, and air bag.  Not perfect but one heck of an effort by Ford/Lincoln to build a world-class premium sport sedan.  
All in all, Lincoln has a good start in the sports sedan category. Some shortcomings will have to be addressed in order to stay competitive.
I would recommend it to all..  Very nice car & it delivers all that is promised.  This car handles like a dream & looks like an angel.  It does not have any interior storage space due to  the cd changer in the glove box & small center console.  Let me put it to ya this way....  my boss went out & got a Eddy Bauer Expediton 2 days after I got my LS.  Talk about petty!!! What a jerk!!!   It's a great car!!!
Overall I think Lincoln did a good job of introducing a luxury and sport car combo. Strongly recommend Quality control become Number One. Price may hold down sales to the younger crowd. At least this car has started with new molds. Lincoln needs to talk more with present owners to keep the good trends going.
Very good car. can't wait for next year's LS.
Lincoln has done an excellent job of introducing a luxury/sports car to a younger market. The Lincoln-LS will introduce awesome power and looks at a pretty reasonable price. The Lincoln LS will pull some sales away from the mid-range BMW and Mercedes onlookers. I would give the Lincoln LS, a five-star rating.
Received corporate fleet-affiliate pricing, +/- invoice cost.  Would recommend this vehicle to all who can live with the above-noted shortcomings.  Definitely not the right vehichle if you are more than 6'5' or more than 240lbs.
it is a great handling vehicle. It provides all the power and control needed. I highly recommend it.
This MAY BE THE BEST REVIEW EVER... You get what you pay for. My current CLK 500 makes my 3rd Mercedes. The first being a 1985 190e (read 'a legend') which gave more than 200 thousand origional miles without fault. This is a typical tale of a 190e. My second Mercedes was a 2001 C240 sedan (read 'mixed blessing'). After buying my first mercedes, I discovered a world where $5000 bought Rolls-Royce quality and Lexus reliability. Like many great sequels, however, when I came upon my C240 I found that this was not a like the smash-hit Mercedes-Benz of old, but rather a product of the new 21st century corporation of the same name. Gone now was the obvious robustness; replaced by near-futuristic computer-aged style and engineering which only lately is Mercedes blending successfully with old world traditions of dignity and comfort. Also unfortunate was the fact that in Mercedes' efforts to make more with less (typical of any company operating in an increasingly expensive, yet energy-conscious Europe) led to a finished product that sometimes comes across as 'corner-cut'. In short, I could see that some of the same materials that seemed to reek of quality in my 1985 car now lacked that same edge of precision when applied to the 2001 car; precision that the Japanese have since become so famous for. Additionaly, with the entire developement approach being reinvented, it seemd that the final product suffered, mechanically speaking. Namely the electronics. Like any smart consumer, I read all the reviews and follow Mercedes news closely and knew what I might be getting into. It was therefore no surprise when my C240 spoke up ime and agin for unscheduled visits to my dealership for 'minor issues'. Most of them were covered under warranty, and I always recieved a brand new car on loan until mine was ready. Perhaps the perks masked the reality that by the time I parted with my flawed beauty, she'd been in some 37 times for seatbelt sensors, faded information screens, a faulty trunk latch and the list went on. All in all, usual 'issues' cost between $100 to $500 which, althouh not always impossible, was always frustating. I shudder to think of how much I paid beyond the inital sales price. So you might be asking 'why did anyone buy yet another one?' The truth is, it's all about priorities. Dispite the constant issues I experienced, my car never truly broke down. In fact, I can't recall anyone I've ever know who had one saying it left them stranded somewhere. I often tell people that if all they need is a reliable car, they should just buy Japanese (Toyota) and worry about other things. But I know better. I know that cars are more than just a box with wheels and a motor; and how one utilizes a car makes all the difference in their percieved value of it. In short, after having an old Mercedes, I bacame accustomed to having it all. Top-shelf ride quality, predictably superior handling, and a car that seemed to do every job asked of it without ever batting an eyelash. That was and always will be a Mercedes. I have driven numerous Lexus, Infinity, BMWs and the like and always found that at the end of the day, only two companies offer cars that seem made for life in the real world; they are Audi(read Volkswagen AG) and Mercedes. The BMW (any of them, really) will always shine on a track, but put 3 people in a bmw and hit the highway. Unless you drive a 7 series, no one will want to ride back ith you. BMW's just can't unwind enough to be truly at home on the Autobahn. And while one might argue that high speed is all that mercedes do well, they would be mistaken. the truth is that once you get all the gadgetry swithed off (there IS a way, mind you) a mercedes performs as brilliantly as any BMW but never punishes it's occupants in the proccess. Ask anyone who's traveled an L.A. freeway at 90mph. The harder you push a Benz, the better it responds. Seemingly indeifferent handling gives way to superior 100mph-plus stability and a highly forgiving nature. It's just sad that most reviews come from those who have only driven one, and only for a few hours at that. In reality, these cars truly shine when you consider the diverse rnge of situations thay accomodate and the ease with which they do it. And I'm sure that as you read this the 9000 plus Engineers in Stuttgart continue to fine-tune and integrate cutting edge science and technology with standards and traditions of yore and will inevitably regain the title of most reliable cars on the road. It's just a shame that I had to buy one (but hopefully not two) of the inbetween cars that seems to have tarnished the illustrious history of this great company.
This car is fun to drive. The 4.3 liter V8 supplies tremendous performance effortlessly. The smoothness of the engine is noticed by everyone who drives it. On the highway it drives like a dream, with the ability to accelerate from 80 to 110 (as fast as I have gone so far) with no problem. In fact, at 100 it feels so solid you would think you were going 50. This car is well appointed with many features that aren't immediately apparent when you first get in. Mine is equiped with the NAV system which makes getting to unknown destinations a breeze. Independant temperature controls keeps you and your passenger comfortable. The large 17' wheels and high-performance, low-profile Michelins, combined with the AMG ground effects give this car a very agressive looking stance. Put the top down, and the lines of this automobile are hard to beat. I also recommend the voice control system which lets you control the radio & CD changer, as well as the integral telephone without taking your hands off the wheel. This is a great car with lots of power, comfort, and smile inducing performance.
im in love with the car. the quickness,smoothness and all around looks of the convertible .its a real head turner.true luxury
The car is so fun to drive that you very rarely want to get out when you've reached your destination.
Bought the CLK 430 as my first Mercedes about 5 weeks ago.  Car is a delight to drive with power to spare. No buyers remorse.  I got it loaded with all the options.  Voice recog is a lot of fun.  Integrated phone works great.  Nav system is nice but lacks all but main roads in my home town.
Great car -- a blast to drive. I just completed a 2000-mile tour of Canada and Maine. On empty twisty back roads, the CLK55 handled great at speeds close to 90 mph. If you love to drive, you'll love this car. It's perfect for long haul, high-speed driving. Comfortable and fun!    I upgraded to the 55 from the 430. The difference? Noise and ride. The 430 was very quiet, and had a luxury ride. The 55 is noisier (much more tire noise), and has a harsher ride, but the marked increase in power, as well as the lack of lean in turns makes up the difference -- for me.
I bought a black CLK320 with charcoal leather, K3 package and 6-disc CD changer. I have been very impressed with the interior and exterior styling; I looked at just about every sport/luxury coupe available, and this appealed to my taste the most, by far. I looked at the new BMW 330Ci within minutes of the MB, and the MB is a notch above, but to be fair, the BMW seems more focused on the sport aspect. I also looked at the Saab 9-3, Volvo C70, Porsche Boxster, Audi A6, Honda Accord. You get what you pay for.So far, I am having a blast driving this car. The ergonomics are great. The handling (steering and cornering) is surprisingly good for a smooth, quiet, luxurious ride, albeit shy of my former Bimmer. It's a head turner too. The stereo rocks; good to have plenty of standard bass. The eccentric sweep mono-wiper is cool. My experience with the dealer (MB of Miami) has also been the best of my 3 new car purchases (knock on burl walnut).
Unbelievable!!!  This is the most well-built, solid automobile I have ever owned...truly amazing for a convertible.  The performance from the V6 is great, I never have trouble merging onto the highway, especially with Mercedes' remarkable 'Touch Shift'.  And oh, by the way, the car is drop-dead gorgeous!!!
I bought the 2001 CLK320 coupe because I loved the looks of the car.The engine needs more power and I wish I could have afforded the 8 cylinder. The brakes are great. They never fade.The interior is poorly done, full of cheap plastic an stiff leather. My car, like many others, suffers from a slew of rattles.The car handles like a Cadillac. There is much too much body roll.All in all, I don't think I received $47,000 worth of car and I'd never buy another.Hello, BMW?
We've had our 2001 CLK320 for a few months now. It's a black car with the charcoal interior and all available options including COMAND, Multi-Contour seats and Xenon headlights.This is the prettiest car I've ever owned. Everything about it looks right, though my son tells me the rear end is reminiscent of a Civic.The 6 cylinder is not a bad engine, but a neighbor has has the 8 cylinder and, wow, it's a much different car. The bottom line was that we didn't want to spend any more money for a more powerful engine that we really didn't need.The interior of our car looks great, but we do have a few gremlins. The sunroof rattles, less frequently when the sun shade has been retracted. The air vents in the dash also seem to rattle and the passenger seat seems to squeak.Also, the passenger window will no longer express up. You have to leave your finger on the button to close the window.The only option that we find to be a waste is the COMAND. It's unnecessarily complicated and is not nearly as competent as the navigation system in my son-in-law's Lexus LS430.My husband replaced the bland stock wheels and had a set of the AMG/CLK 55 wheels installed.It's a nice car, but a little disappointing considering all I'd heard about Mercedes.
2001 CLK 430 CabrioletThis is a great looking car.Its brakes are excellent and the power is more than adequate for a touring car.Now, it gets ugly....The build quality is not worthy of the MB badge. Squeaks and rattles emit from the interior on a daily basis. The plastic interior pieces would look more at home in a Toyota Corolla. The base of the seats is wrapped by the cheapest piece of plastic I've ever seen since I drove a 78 Ford Fiesta back in high school.The radio is mediocre at best and no in-dash CD player is offered.The computer that monitors the transmissions shifts has been replaced twice. This is what you get when Mercedes offers an 8 cylinder convertible for a little over 60k. They have to cut corners to achieve such a price.Raise the price and start building top quality cars again.
Incredible looks and by far one of the classiest looking cards on the road(yet very sporty and modern) smooth & powerful engine feels like V8. i have put 17 inch AMG rims and Michelin Pilots on mine a must over the stock rims and tires.I can not even believe that some people have complaints about this beauty.perhaps they should keep on driving the wanabees like lexus and Infiniti.Some people just don't understand what Mercedes is all about!!!We owned several Mercedes Benzes and we were very happy with all of them. This one is no exception.
My car is beautiful.  But all it has is it's looks.  Mercedes Benz has serious problems with their build quality.  I guess I should have expected that, buying from a company called DaimlerChrysler instead of DaimlerBenz.
Drives very wellExcels rapidlyBeatiful Body!!!Decent gas mileageLove the standard features/ in any other car you'd have to pay extra for the leather seats,the AC, mirror tints, one touch windows, ect...
Simply put this car will leave a smile permanately planted on your face.Very refined. Was expecting the ride to be harsher. The ride is firm but never jarring. Acceleration is unbelievable. Very quite at cruising speed.Get one if you can get your hands on one.For those not familliar with the CLK55 its the full AMG version with the 5.5 litre engine. 342 hp, larger brakes and beefed up suspension.also 5 stars to the Michelin pilot sport tires
Mercedes cars are known for their reliability, solidity, strength, beauty, and prestige, and the CLK 320 Cabriolet is a venerable example.  It was worth the two year wait because it is powerful, smooth, quiet, luxurious, durable, beautiful, maintains its VALUE, safe, seven speaker Bose sound system utilizes the cabin's acoustics in such a way that it fills the car with symphonic notes, and it is nice to drive summer nights with the convertible down (I can only imagine because it's still Spring).
I am really enjoying this car. I was a little hesitant to buy based on the negative reviews on the WEB but I guess MB has sorted out the quality problems in this model.Problems so far: After reversing the passenger side exterior mirror would not flip back. I read the manual and saved the backup position in the memory, after that no problems. No problems with window closing (I did test at the dealer). No annoying rattles etc., overall the car appears to be rock solid. The fit and finish are good and certainly meet my expectations.Cool things I really like: The color (black opal), under low light it looks black but under bright sunlight it looks more dark blue. The quality of the paint finish is excellent. The light your path lights don’t come on in the daylight. The auto-dimming mirror works much better than expected and I was pleasantly surprised to find that the driver’s side exterior mirror has the same feature. The rain-sensing wiper works just right! My kids loved the sliding seat feature when they got in the back. The stereo sounds pretty good, the tweeter units mounted on the door really help with sound staging and clarity of the higher frequency stuff, the bass is a bit lacking but overall I am pretty pleased for a car stereo. I have the price of a good used Benz invested in my home audio system and I don’t expect concert hall performances in a car!Interior noise level is low. When I have the time I will take it out and measure the interior noise level and various speeds and report some data here.Dealer experience, this is my third Benz and the second one I bought from the same dealer/salesman, the experience was a pleasure. I picked the car up on a Saturday morning the salesman did not hurry me out and took time to explain everything about the car. The car was super clean, full of gas, had been hand waxed and was parked inside to ensure that the car was spotless when I picked it up.  What more can I say?I did not order the CD player from the dealership. I found the connections behind the trunk liner in the front of the area that will contain the CD unit, did not need to remove any part of the trunk liner and the wiring was not taped down so installation was simple. I bought the genuine MB CD from autoclass, installation took 15 minutes.This is a great car.
Squeaks and rattles, rattles and squeaks....this darn Mercedes really creaks.    The engine is wonderful, as are the brakes, but the build quallity is abysmal. I never thought I'd see so much cheap platic in a Mercedes.
I bought a modified CLK 6.1 V8 and if I didn't drive the car I wouldn't believe it could be like that. I have added twin-turbos a while ago ... nothing can be compared with it
We've had the car for nearly 4 months and it's an absolute joy to drive, and we haven't even had an opportunity to put the top down yet!!  Smooth, effortless power; quiet ride; confident handling and supreme comfort.  The CLK Cabriolet is also a real head-turner, I get looks almost every time I drive it, and that's saying something in Chicago where Porsches, Jaguars, BMWs, Ferraris and even Rolls Royces are fairly common.  I've never kept a car longer than 3 years, but I have a feeling this one's going to stick around a lot longer than that.
The drivetrain is all Mercedes. I love it.The styling is also perfect. After that, things get ugly...The suspension needs some firming up, it's just too darn soft.Mercedes, how about dropping an extra grand on the interior? How long did it take you to find seats that squeak? This is a car that's an engineering compromise. MB cut many corners to make it affordable and it shows. However, we leased the car for our law firm and in 39 months it'll be gone and we'll take a look and see what's out there once more. Maybe BMW will revive the 6 series in some incarnation.
I recommend this car to any MB lovers with sport cars on their mind whom wants sport with class.
We've had our CLK430 coupe for almost 4 months now. It replaces a 1995 Honda Accord we purchased new.Our car is black with charcoal interior with all options including phone and COMAND options.The 8 cylinder is a blast. It has a lot of torque and always ready to accelerate, especially compared to the old Accord.The brakes are incredible. It's hard to imagine brakes getting much better than this. They never fade in regular highway driving.The handling is a bit soft. The car severely leans during hard cornering and it floats over bumps like my father's old Cadillac. I think this car uses the same suspension as the 6 cylinder version. That's too bad.The quality of this car disappoints. I didn't think MB's rattled and squeaked so much. Our Honda never exhibited any rattles and rarely a squeak. However, the dashboard and interior door panels release a cacophony of noise on each and every trip. Where's the quality?The COMAND looks pretty neat, but is an ergonomic mess. I have a degree in computer science and this thing is a prime example of poor engineering. Next time we'll give Lexus or BMW a shot.
This is our fifth Mercedes since 1989 and the first we've found to be an utter disappointment.The build quality is horrid. There is cheap plastic everywhere. Of course with cheap plastic you can expect the obligatory squeaks and rattles.The transmission's ECU had to be replaced on our car after two months.The rubber that surrounds the sunroof had to be reapplied because it kept falling off.Our car is loaded and we'll be taking the car back to the dealership shortly and will probably settle on an E430.We thought that we might have a lemon, but our dealer told us that many of their long time customers have complained about the CLK's quality, or lack there of.I'd also check the reviews on this forum carefully. You have individuals who have never owned the car giving it 5 stars. Strange, to say the least.
If this car is half as good as everyone says it is, it will be phenominal.  I've ridden in the E320 which was quite nice.  I expect my MB to be the envy of the neighborhood when I get it next year.If I don't like it, some schmoe will pay me top dollar for not having to wait a year!  Supply and demand, I love it!5 stars for value only because of the resale value.  With taxes and registration, my car is almost $66,000 and I didn't even get the phone (K4 package and fancy seats the only 2 options).  Holy crap!  $1000 for fancy headlights and wipers?? Also paid MSRP which I have NEVER done in my life.  Used to paying invoice or a tad over!I ordered mine on 10/31.  Have to wait to next summer to drive.  Sigh...
I would recommend this car to anyone who likes quality and style!  The car offers many options including hands free Motorola Time Port phone which is integrated with the cars stereo system!
Overall great car so far..No major problems at 1600 miles...
58KYes, highly recommended if you do not live in a major city w/ traffic
I recommend it to rich folks
WOuld recommend it for sure. 
I would definitely recommend this car to anyone looking for fun in the sun, but doesn't want to be like anyone else, but stands out..
$72,000 with tax, tags, etc.  I would definitely recommend this car.
I like my CLK430 Coupe. However, there are too many problems that keep me from loving it.When you create a car that looks like the CLK430, how about including a suspension that can keep up with what the bodywork promises.I'd rather pay MB a bit more money for a quality interior. If you've driven MB's for any length of time you know that MB could do a lot better than what they give you in the CLK.That said, the engine is wonderful as are the brakes. It's a very nice GT that needs a bit more attention to detail from Mercedes to make it a great car.
 Contrary to what some Eastcoast owners think, we have NO RATTLES and NO SQUEAKS and the use of plastic doesn't bother us.  The transmission is the best we've ever had. Everything works fine and it hauls a**.  The dealer replaced 2 sensors when we first got it and it hasn't been back since.  We were supposed to wait 4 more months for our car to be built, but last xmas they couldn't find the guy who ordered this blue beauty.... so we sure do like his car, ha ha.  My husband says it cruises at 120 in the deserts of Nevada as quietly as it does 65 on the LA freeways AND every car we pass isn't another clone of us.    
This is the FINEST luxury sport coupe in $42K – $75K category.  You can’t beat its styling (inside and out), technology, performance, comfort, and size.  It is an amazing and satisfying experience to sit in and drive the CLK320 around.  I will make any excuse for myself to drive it anywhere....I am a major car enthusiast...and I would always look at this car or others before passing by...now that I own a CLK - I don't bother looking at other cars - at all.  This style is classy and will never wear out – it is timeless (never outdated) like all Mercedes 2-doors 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s SLs.  My family friend has a 1991 Black Mercedes 560-SEC with over 100K, and it looks and drives like a new car.  I have always changed car every 2-3 years, BUT I am definitely going to hold on to this car for long, long time.   RECOMMEND you get the extended warranty, if you intend to get a CLK. Mercedes parts and service (just to look at a problem) is very expensive.
Excellent car--worth every penny. Enjoyable both in sporty driving and comfortable for everyday driving. An excellent MB.
Amazing looking car and a great performance car.
I have the V8, and it is a fantastic ride on dry country roads and highways. All the acceleration you'll ever need, particularly after 60 mph, exceptionally smooth driving at all speeds, and fun handling. If you live where bad weather and city driving is minimized, this is an outstanding performance choice.
Ordered on sight, and took 17 months to deliver. 2nd 430 cab in USA. After 20000 miles, the car has really become special: great performance, good looks and excellent handling.    It is sensitive to color: everyone takes the easy option...Mercedes silver, but mine, in Firemist Red, attracts many spontaneous compliments.     Hard to figure what to replace it with: it is a great performance/practical bargain, seating 4 people when needed.
Bought a 320 coupe 2 years ago and loved it ever since.  Though the CL500 looks a lot better, the CLK performs just as well.  Except the handling was a little weak during turns and manuvers.  SO I got my self some 19' Brabus Monoblock V 2piece and the car is perfect.  If you don't want rattles or squeak, then don't get a cabrio.
The car follows a 3 litre v8 BMW and a 4.4 litre v8 BMW. I read these reviews before I took delivery and wondered if I had made a mistake.    I assume that Mercedes sells cars to America that are differently set up from the European ones.    My car (my first Mercedes)is taut, precise, as fast as can be, beautifully balanced in and out of corners (we have a lot of these in England) and a joy to drive anywhere, in any conditions, I have completely fallen in love with her, something I NEVER thought could happen with a Merc - admire yes, but love, never !
'Love at first sight'....this car was sitting in the middle of a Lamborgini dealership so I had to buy it for its performance, value, and MB prestige.After the first test time, I stopped my car search and drove it home 2 hrs later. Like any new (European)car, small annoying problems exist.  That's why I purchased the extended warranty.  Luckily, the car has been near-perfect.  Imagine waiting for the red light to turn green while other drivers stare at your car and in 6.1 sec they are in your rear mirror. Don't let the valet boy out of your sight!
There were several little problems with this car that had me in the dealership time and time again. The fabled MB service is a bit overhyped.The MB dealer rarely gives a loaner car, or provides rental and ordering parts is mystifyingly slow. A second vehicle is an absolute must in the city. If not, you will suffer inexplicable scrapes and dings, which will cost you.When this car is good, its great to have. There are an annoying number of minor things that demonstrate lack of quality and craftsmanship. My glovebox latch broke and wouldn't close. The cupholder stuck. The gear shift dust cover broke. Lots of cheap plastic parts. Lots of cheap plastic problems.Overall, my CLK 320 is like a beautiful woman. She's sexy and turns a lot of heads, but is very fickle and expensive to maintain. She is not particularly fond of going out in the snow or rain. Everybody wants her because of her looks, but when you have her you wonder if she's worth all of extra hassle. Premium gas, premium parts, premium accessories. But when the sun is shining and I'm rolling on the highway, I am feeling lucky to have her. They say  'if you want to be for the rest of your life happy never make a pretty woman your wife'. In this case if you do, you'll definitely need a more reliable mistress, because your wife will be at her parents house (the dealership) a whole heck of a lot!The CLK is more a reflection of style than of function and reliability. Its not the best sports coupe, but it looks the best in its price range and has the Mercedes emblem. That's mainly what you pay for. If your looking for quality...look elsewhere.
I love it,I would not trade it in for anything else (except maybe a Porsche 911)
The Ultimate Driving machine has got nothing on this. This car does what Bimmers do but comfortably. I've owned 5 bmw's before this car 325 (1994) - 740i (2000). This car made me forget what a BMW was.
Overall, propbably the most awesome car I ever owned. Very stylish, bought used at 7 years old and 58k miles. The paint is original (Black Opal Metallic) and still in great condition, as is the interior (charcoal). Car seems to run best at higher speeds, which is just fine by me!
I traded a 1997 BMW M3 for the 1999 CLK 430. My decision was very easy not only from style but also performance. I have been driving the 430 since new. I feel the luxury the MB brings to the table is phenomenal. It is a complete joy to drive until winter rolls around. The fat rear tires, along with the power do not provide a condusive environment for safe, donut free driving. Excluding the average ten days of snow...this car is a blast. Regular maintenance is relatively justified. All other makes and models that I would be interested in now have to live up to the 430, that is if I decide to trade it.
Appeals for style and Mercedes cachet. Most likely will return a good dollar amount. Not that well equipped as far as electronics and packages. Gas averages are 21/29. $42,690 was the price for this one. Sunroof and integrated cellular phone is available. This is a great car for a drive on Sunday through lovely country roads.
If you can afford buy it now/looks great in silver.Mercedes can convert to the new year 2000 model indicating funny wing mirrors, had mine converted looks great
I love the look of my CLK. However, in terms of quality, it's the worst Mercedes I've ever owned. Mercedes has taken a cost cutting approach from the C-class to the S-class and the CLK is no exception.Likes:*Acceleration provided by the 4.3 liter is admirable from 50-70 if a bit lethargic from a standing start.*Styling*Xenon headlights*Huge trunk for plenty of luggage*Brakes are awesomeProblems:*Squeaks & Rattles from dash & sunroof*Squeaks from driver and passenger*Inferior interior materials*Transmission module had to be replaced after the car would not engage DriveCriticism:*The CLK430 uses the same suspension as the CLK320 which is to say it's very soft and not suited for aggressive driving. My car listed for just over $54k
(1999 Model) - great looking, performing coupe', still the hard car to get
Would high recomend this car.
I special ordered this car and took delivery in October of 1998.  It's been to service twice, once to replace the climate control unit (problems included switching on after I had shut it off, and 'resetting' to 72 degrees) and once to check a 'rough idle' after I let it sit in the garage for about a month and a half.
The car is a must have. It’s the prime example of high performance in a luxury car. I've tested the BMW's and other cars that for some reason was considered to be in the class of the CLK and found them to be a total disappointment. We also have a 1989 420sel which spoiled our taste in well-built cars, which now can only be satisfied by Mercedes.
This is a great car for the weekends. I use this as my secondary car and it is so fun to drive. I have had no problems and the car looks great. I get compliments all the time.
I bought this car at 4 years old and with 25k miles. I was excited to find an AMG with low miles, in Black Opal, and with a Navigation System (Rare in 2002 Apparently). After checking CarFax I purchased it and took it to a local Mercedes dealer for evaluation. The car received a clean bill of health with only a few minor items requiring repair (The most expensive being two tension cords for the cabriolet soft top mechanism at $195). The 342 horsepower handbuilt AMG engine has an inspiring sound when in motion and the vehicle handles like the fine sports car one would expect from Mercedes Benz. The only disappointment is the instrument gauge which has an early generation digital display. On my car the temperature and Gear displays don't always work properly. Other than that the car is fantastic. I alternate trips to work between my 2002 BMW 745i and the AMG. Both great examples of fine German engineered automobiles.
I found this car to be definitely appealing to the eye on the outside, but after that, I was very disappointed with the quality and the workmanship that was definitely lacking in this car.
This car is beautiful. I opted for the black with oyster interior. The AMG ground effects and wheels complete the package.    The 4.3 liter engine is a wondefully smooth and powerful. You're not going to out accelerate any Corvettes or M3's, but it's plenty quick and downright impressive when accelerating from 70mph-100mph.    The brakes are phenomenal. There is no fade from 90+mph to 60mph. And they feel great.    Unfortunately, build quality and the quality of interior materials were not paramount to Mercedes when building this car. It's obvious Mercedes was on a cost cutting mission when they built this car. The interior is filled with cheap plastic and thin carpet.    The squeaks and rattles get very annoying. This IS a Mercedes, not a Chevette.
If you are looking for a head turner convertible look no longer.  The classy lines are clean and refreshing.  This MB has no equal in terms of prestige style and power.  I looked at the BMW M3 convertible, the Boxter S.  THere really is no other competitor besides those vehicles.  IF you want pure sport go with the M3.  If you have to have a porsche then your mind is already made up.  The MB is the thinking man's car.  It has 4 seats and a glass rear window.  It has plenty of torque and top end and it just looks great.  Women and men love this car!
Excellent car all around. I paid 27,000 Swiss Francs in 2003 when it had 135,000 km on it. This body model was started in 1997 and did not change until 2003 when the CLK became shorter. My 1997 CLK looks just like a 2002 CLK (price 100,000 Swiss Francs). The closest 2004 model is the CL which has the same E type headlights with the only differences in body are (1) the side rear view mirrors with turn signals, (2) door frame not extend to rear windows & (3) the 3rd break light is in the trunk not above it
All I can say is 'buyer beware' - not of the automobile itself, because the car drives like a dream. The problem is parts, and the problem is Audi. (Especially the ignorant and snobbish dealer network.) I've owned a couple of big cars, all bought from the same guy - and this is by far and away the best car I've driven. It's slow and ponderous in the city, but on the highway it truly shines. Built like a tank (with the average mpg to prove it...) this thing just gallops up to speed in no time. Safe, extremely well built and....I'd say reliable but this is a 12 year old machine. When it's operating well you forget the problems...
I have gad teh car now for three month and I actually picked it up in Germany on a European delivery - which was amazing. Then of course I actually got to drive the car - how it was meant to be driven - and it tops at 135 mph (320). I am not sure what the unsatisfied reviewers are talking about - but this is the best blend of class and sport in one car.
By far one of the Grand Touring vehicle in the market in any price segment. The hand-build AMG sl55 engine is second to none. It's an amazning expereince every time I get into the car... truly outstanding.
Beautiful automobile inside & out
this is car is so amazing it makes me look rich
I've driven a SL 600 and they're quite fun.It has steady ACE when cornering, and incredible acceleration.Braking was a charm. 60-0 in 132 ft. 100-0 149 ft.I guess some world race car drivers would definetly count this as a personal performance car. Just a enchantment.
if you want a classic mercedes that beats any modern luxury touring sport car, this is the car. it should cost a little less but i got a kick out of it specially when I use the spport transmision setting. under hard acceleration the 340 lbs ft of torque literally rips the asphalt.
Mercedes is a luxury car company.  They shouldn't try to pawn off a car for sports and racing.  Most other cars would kill this one.  But it is nice and smooth riding for daily driving.
Overall..loved the car.  We babied it, the car never saw a raindrop.  It had the same power and speed as the Porche however, Porche handled tighter as a true sports should.  SL500 is more luxury than sporty, but a great car no matter how you look at it.We ended up selling it only after a year because people get jealous of those who drive beautiful expensive cars.  We've never owned a car that has been dinged and scratched more often than the SL500 (not even the Porche).  Being a black car, every little flaw showed up. We sold it with 3,500 miles on it at 1 yr old because we couldn't stand to take it any place where valet parking wasn't available. 
I've always liked this car and appreciated its classy look. But I have to admit it's not a driving man's car. It insulates you too much from the road.
$120,000.00 The MRSP of $65,000.00 listed is way off base!  
Bought car with 58k miles, now has 80k. I drive it not more than 4000 per year, but at least twice per week. This keeps it running fine. Lot of niggles at first but have them all sorted. Worst problem was stalling. Got screwed by every dealer, but found an independed who fixed it for free. Was too lean. EBC green stuff brake pads are a must! Find a good independent and you'll see much cheaper service costs. Mine are $500-$1000 now. Now the review. Performance: massive tourqe at the low end followed by howlling power at redline. My car will power into the red almost to 7000 rpm. I don't recomend this because the engine is 20000 to replace. But it sure is a rush! Chassis is well balanced and only understeers at the hairy limit - do not ever let up on the throttle or you'll swap ends. I did. Best to power though corners. Learn to down shift by tapping the throttle and shifting with the stick. That is why it's there! This car can keep up with a typical posrche driver it you learn to dive it properly.
I purchsed a 1990 new and replaced it with another new one in 1995. Beautiful car. The first one had many problems. The second one was reliable and had many improvements. I recently sold my second with 168,000 miles on it and it was running great.
i dont have the car but i can dream about it. i am turning eighteen soon and going to do my very best to make sure i get this car as soona as possible. this car is a beast and nothing compares to it. not even the mustang, m45, you name it it will keep up and beat it. great investment
This car is EVIL! I enjoy beating up on SS Impalas, BMWs, 545s and other wannabees. I even added a state trooper to the list! I beat him up really bad. I wouldn't lie about this 'cause I have the ticket to PROOVE it! He was not a happy guy after the beating. But now let it be known that the Merauders are faster than the Crown Vic Interceptors. I truly love driving the hell out of my car when I'm in the mood. I'm a DRIVER not an operator!
I believe theis car is the best i've ever driven. The only thing it needs is more muscle to compete with other big engine cars or maybe jus a supercharged version. The sound is incredible inside very comfortable and the looks are amazing I would leave the base the same but all in all really enjoy it and look for maybe a 2010 model
I just got out of college for my first year and i had two cars. One was a 318is BMW and the other was a Jeep Grand Cherokee two very nice cars and after seeing how long i have had the cars i have seen that i needed another one. So i went out and drove the Mercury Marauder an amazing car. It does not just look amazing but it drives great. Its an eight cylinder beast. The handling of the Marauder was outstanding. I have also tested out the 2004 impala ss and the Cadillac STS. They were both very nice but the Marauder just stands out cause you cant tell what it is. You look at it and you know its just different. What a great car cant wait to get it.
ha, some people just just don't have tihs to do. i don't either for the time being so, i see a post for this car. 4195 lbs 302-hp Torque 318 lb.-ft. not the makings of a very fast car. it's undoubtibly powerful. it won't be slow though. as for the engine itself, it's a tuned version of ford's new universally generic 4 cam v8 (what car don't they put this thing in; fords merc's lincolns and jags). this car is deliberately designed to fill the void the last true impala (the latest incarnation is a disgrace) left behind. as far as it being a old persons car, thats a subjective perspective. i doubt i'll see many grandma's buying Marauders. similar to rwd regals cutlasses and impalas, they're a little too gangster for me. but unlike the '9* impala, i don't get the same gangster vibe from this Marauder. as far as feeling self conscious and insecure in the car, don't bother. you won't get clowned, you'll get compliments and unless you're a lame saab advocate, you should get some phone numbers too. btw, a saab is just a trimmed up chevy cavalier. yes saab is controlled by GM and saab has no identity no true appeal and nothing but a 4 cyl turbo to offer. and we all know how well-engineered they are. and as far as other overpriced overrated and pretencious euro trash goes, if you want a true 'luxury sports sedan' get a gs430 (german products lack substance). the Marauder is a FULL SIZE muscle sedan. there is a distinction. know about that.
Overall, a great car. I love the pick-up, the handling, the roomy interior, the trunk space, the leather, the sound, the whole package. This car is a very good idea, well-executed. People stop me regularly to ask about it and drool on it.
Love the style of the car, handles well, great acceleration. Suspension is dynamite, and the car holds the road well. Interior is spacious and comfortable
I work for dealer and have waited for price to drop (bought at $10K under list).Not too many sold. One was to a funeral home. Ford rep wasn't too happy to report back home that the attempt to lower the age demographic on Grand Marquis with Marauder is now from age 68 to 'dead'. This car is good for:  1) Mafia hit man  2) funeral director  3) cruisin' nursing homes for babes  But, I love it. The mechanics say the Grand Marquis/Crown Vic/Marauder is the most reliable product Ford makes. Pound for pound the best car value in the world. They really exist and are engineered for the severe law enforcement market. The Marauder adds a DOHC to the 4.6L (a la Mustang/Aviator),aftermarket suspension, dual exhausts,quality tires and wheels, plus many expensive appointments,etc,etc. for a solid comfortable ride. The exilarating power tug of a V8 on acceleration is appreciated by only those who lived motoring history in the muscle car era. Too,in the Marauder you get handling and all the techno developments not available in the 60's.
I wanted this car from the day I saw the concept car at the Detroit Auto Show. I decided to buy one when I started seeing them used for a little less. What's not to like? A big american car with a real V8 and tons of room. There's a pretty good stereo and comfortable seats and it just scoots. I haven't yet met one woman who understands. Oh well, that's why they make Accords.
I get more looks and thumbs-up in this car than I would have ever guessed, and I STILL haven't seen another one on the road. I couldn't be happier with the car. Had the Dealership put in a sunroof, so I don't have half of the console that juts into the middle of the roof. I like the sound system with the 6-CD changer in the trunk. It looks like an unmarked squad car. I missed my old Crown Vic with the 5.0L, and I'm a big guy (6 2-1/2 275). I fit into the car great, and my 6'-tall mom fits very comfortably in the back seat. Looking forward to getting the leather jacket from Mercury.
I love this car. I traded in a 1998 C-5 Corvette fro it. I thought I already had my dream car until the Marauder. Very large, powerful, great touring car. I love the comfort, class, and agility. Couldn't ask for a better roadtrip vehicle.Being only 25 , alot of people question my owning this car. I think this is what American cars should be all about.
This vehicle has exceeded my expectations in every way. It is a heavy, strong, agile, powerful sports sedan. It is a pleasure to drive on high speed winding roads. It remains firmly planted and rock steady at all speeds, and emits a positively evil mechanical symphony when pushed hard. There is absolutely nothing that compares to it on the market today. No regrets whatsoever.    Poor reviews by car magazines looking for a drag racer or Subaru WRX have hurt their own credibilty.   If this car becomes the marketing/sales flop that it appears to be, we have all lost, and the manufacturers have been sent the message to produce front wheel drive transportion appliances.
Love this car, very underated, Handling,  brakes, power, exhaust tone,interior space  traction control,and look all A+.   Best car I ever owned for highway,and the alpine stereo system rocks.  Collector car in the making
This car certainly isn't for everybody, and in fact a good portion of the public just doesn't get it and never will. But then, that's part of the appeal of a car like this, isn't it? If you're one who doesn't get it, the Honda Accord is all you. For those few of us that appreciate a big, fast, rear-drive sedan the Marauder is the best thing since Chevy killed the Impalla SS.
I've heard about enough from those whiny little punks and prissy women who say the new Marauder is too 'rough around the edges' for them. It's not for everybody, but it IS for me! I love the tight feel of the new steering set up for the '03 platform. The car goes right where you want it to. The power is more than enough, but placed at a high RPM (remember this is an overhead cam motor). There is a lack of low-end torque but it's still enough to haul out. It just won't roast rubber from a standstill, that's all. I get about 17 mpg with my Merc... better than I'd expect due to my lead foot.
very fast car, i have a 94 impala ss also. 2 completely different, i thought they would be similar, but no. the Marauder is a more mature and sophisticated younger brother of the impala SS
OHHHH MY GOD! To be the only one on the block with this vivid machine is unimaginable. When i first say a ad for it, i thought i'd see them everywhere. Nope! Just me. Just mine... My precious.
This is one bad machine. I am regularly asked how I like it and how it handles. It is a real head-turner. It also sounds the part. That sweet growl never gets old. I can't wait to pull up next to an SS for the real test.
I am a 47 year old male who remembers those wonderful cars of the mid 60's to early 70's. The nostalgia begins with every turn of the ignition. The pleasant to listen to rumble, the security of 4100lbs,the 'I dont'think so ' attitude,it's a wonderful feeling.
This is one of the best vehicles that I ever driven, and I have driven many including the high end europeans, MB, BWM. I smile everytime time I drive it. I have to smile, I stole it at $27,500....Same as the 1996 Impala SS
This is a fast car that is fun to drive. I love it and its turns many heads.
this is 1 tight car to people who know cars.But im not gonna go drivin this baby around dressed in stock i have 460 hp on it dropped an inch and a half broader and wider bumpers,loud exhaust,and no i didnt touch that paint...wouldnt want to
This is not your grandfathers Grand Marque. With the look of something a costumed character would be driving and the performance to match, this beast is a mover.
A cara that is fun to drive, comfortable, seats adults, AND attract appreciative looks from knowledegable passer-bys.    And unlike the imports - you can drive it without your nose brushing your knees nor being able to have both arms out each side window at once!
I never thought that I would part with my 1996 Impala SS. The Marauder is an awesome American product. Thanks for the conservative executive look with the NASCAR soul. I love it! Nothing but complements. The essence of a classic.
A good looking product that appeals to this 35 year old. Been waiting for a youthful auto like this that can also carry the family while having a little fun.
I LOVE THE CAR IT HAS GREAT PULL AND IT PULL OVER ALL SEDANS. ITS UP THERE WITH MOST SPORTS CARS WORTH TWICE AS MUCH.
The best car that I have purchased so far. Keep in mind I'm only 23. I drove a 95 Bonneville for 6 years and the Marauder is a nice upgrade. Roomy and comfortable with a aggressive look. Very happy with the purchase.
You can easily put the review into one word 'W0W'. When you think of these types of cars you think oh old mans vehicle. This car changes the definition of sleeper car. When my son came with me to the dealer to pick it out he hated it. This is not a car for everyone. But being the 15 year olld nut he is, I proved him wrong again. We tested it out with the seller in the passenger seat and my son in the back. I had to see what this baby could do. I floored it and the seller smashed his head into the ceiling panal in the middle where a moon roof would go. I ended up buying from another Ford Dealer. Here's another 3 words for this beast: fast, big, and luxurious. If you can find one of these at this day in age try it out and you'll feel the sickness of this machine.
What a sweet car. Plenty of power, great handling all the gadgets and wowed by everyone. Just the car I was too young to have in the 60's.
This is the ultimate 'Kickassbackmobile'.  Zero defects at 18,000. Maurauder has more appeal and style sitting still in the parking lot than most manufactures can muster in a $10,000,000.00 ad.
I have had nothing but problems since I purchased a 2003 Oldsmobile Aurora in April of 2008. I test drove it before I bought it. I got home with it and before I pulled into the driveway I could hear a clicking noise when I turned the steering wheel. I took it back to the dealership and they said it was something in the steering and replaced a part that was made out of plastic, that should have been recalled but was because it wasn't considered a safety concern, with something metal. Oh did I mention when I took it back to be fixed at this time as soon as Pulled into the service area of the dealership the check engine light came on. At this time the car had around 58,000 miles on it. Found out the car needed two crank sensors and a catalytic converter. Picked the car up and still heard the clicking noise. My dad discovered it was coming from the struts. I took it back to the dealership found out it needed strut mounts. Why they didn't catch it before I will never understand. After getting the converter on the car I heard it making a revving noise and kept feeling like it was going to cut off which it eventually did a few weeks later. Took it back to the dealership it needed a intake boot. Why they didn't catch it when I complained about the problem the first time I don't know. They checked it and said they couldn't find anything at the time. And did I mention, it shakes around 60-65 miles per hour. The service department told me it was because it had flat spots in the tires from sitting. And that I may need to also rotate the tires. At first the dealership did fix the initial problems then I was stuck after that. I had to pay a deductible to get the boot on. I got the boot fixed on the car last tuesday now this friday a week later my back window on the car will not go up or stay up. I can pull it up by hand and when I push the switch it makes a popping/cracking noise. I called the dealership service department and they said it sounds like the window regulator and now I going to have to pay another deductible and it's only a week later. I'm very dissatified with my purchase. I thought I was going to a reputable car dealership. I could have went to one these side street dealerships for this and probably would have gotten a better car. The car looks very nice on the outside but it's sick on the inside. Nice smooth ride up to 59 mph. It's hard to believe that a car that could have cost as much as it did when it came out in 2003 can have this many problems in 2008. The car that I traded in, a 93 honda civic Ex, was better than this car. This car has discouraged me from ever wanting another American made car and I want to support me country but how can I when my country is not supporting me and giving me bad products. The dealership I bought the car from said they give their cars 150 point inspection. I don't see how my car could have even earned a point. I spoke with the salesman and he said he would talk to the general manager to see if they can trade the car out. I'm not holding out much hope but this is my second and my last American made car neither have been worth the money or the time. I hope this helps someone before they become a victim like me. But if you buy this car just know this 'You must be rich'. And you've been warned.
The second Aurora I have ownwed, This vehicle is both luxuriuous and sporty. It is just plain fun to drive. It is a good size and very stylish. It is frugal way to own a sporty, well made vehicle. The small 8 cylinder is both responsive and good on gas (18 to 26 mpg). It can be purchaed relatively inexpensively.
The worst car I have ever driven. Not enough power. Poor handling. Car periodically stops while driving. Paper from glove compartment goes into the duct work. Uncomfortable backseats that don't fit with the contour of the back. DON'T BUY THIS!!!
Finally, GM gets it right. I have driven my Aurora for over 2 years now and I have absolutely NO complaints. This is a well made car with an excellent engine, (I have the V-6 3.5 liter). The interior is well laid out and the car rides extremely smooth going down the interstate. The only complaint would be concerning the bucket seats, they have a hard edge to them and getting in and out of the car you feel the hard edge on the back side of your legs, but the seat itself is very comfortable. I did have one slight problem with the steering mechanism. The universal steering joint went bad and as you would turn corners or apply the brakes you could feel a knocking in the steering wheel. My previous car was and Oldsmobile Intrigue, and it too had the same steering problem. Other than that I have had absolutely NO PROBLEMS! The car now has over 22000 miles on it and I bought it used with 11,000 miles on it. I wouldn't hesitate to buy another Oldsmobile like the Intrigue and the Aurora. My father is now driving the Intrigue that I use to own and he says that it is the best driving car that he has ever owned. He compares it to his 1990 Nissan Maxima that also gave absolutely NO problems. If the foreign auto makers wanted excellent competition, then GM got it right with the Oldsmobile Aurora. By the way I would like to say that both the Aurora and the Intrigue have the 3.5 liter engine in both of them. This is an excellent engine and was probably the deciding factor as to why I chose to by the Aurora. Since I had NO problems with the Intrigue's 3.5 liter engine, then I felt that purchasing the Aurora with the same engine would give me the same excellent results. I was not dissappointed. Just regular maintenance of oil changes, oil filter changes, air filter changes and that's all this car needs. I purchased the car for $18,000.00 at a Chevrolet dealership in Kenly North Carolina as a used automobile, and it only had 11,000 miles on the car. I read all the reviews at CarReview.com before finding the vehicle on the internet. All other dealerships wanted the same car with 3 times the mileage for prices ranging from $26,000 to $30,000. Overall I am very pleased. Thanks to CarReview.com for allowing car buyers like me to put my info on the web so that other vehicle buyers don't get stuck with lemons. We use to own a 1996 Dodge Grand Caravan that was nothing but a lemon. I will never go back to Dodge again, and I have found that by using CarReview.com I can read the reviews of other satisfied car owners and look for any trends in the dissatisfied owners who write reviews. Once I sold my Dodge Grand Caravan I looked up on the web all of the reviews about Dodge Grand Caravans, and all of the other owners were having the exact same problems with their Dodge minivan that I was having. Had I known then what I know now about reading these reviews from satisfied and dissatisfied owners, I could have avoided purchasing the Dodge Grand Caravan, and I bought that minivan brand new. Good Luck Mercedes in converting Chrysler into a better product because once stung, you never go back, or at least I don't. Their is no excuse for putting a product on the market that is junk especially when you consider how much money a vehicle costs today! Believe me when I say that their will be NO more car purchases without first reading CarReview.com. Hearing complaints from previous car owners is the best way to purchase a good reliable vehicle and avoid the lemons.
Steering has a knock in it, this is a common problem that is well documented in the dealerships. The right rear window regulator that controls the glass going up and down broke after 36,000 miles. The car developed a leak in the driver's floor, and it appears to come from the rubber plugs located between the wipers and the hood. Had to air out the car to prevent mold from forming. So far, I would give this car a score of 2 on a scale of 1 to 5. Sorry America, but I just bought a Honda Civic, and not one problem! I will not be buying any more American cars. General Motors still has a long way to go before they can compete with the likes of Honda! And just think, the American Car Union employee works for around $70.00 and hour including all benefits, and the Honda employee works for around $40.00 and hour including benefits. Years ago, I felt that buying American was my patriotic duty, but no more! It will be Japanese cars from now on, simply put the quality of the product is clearly inferior! This Aurora was suppose to be the top of the line luxury vehicle for Oldsmobile, but clearly GM doesn't understand that you dont' build crap for a luxury automobile! If the CEO of GM wants to contact me I'll be glad to define for him how to build a better product!
My warranty is now up and I'm stuck paying for this car for another 4 years. Now with Oldsmobile announcing its plans to kill the brand my resale is way below what I owe. Hopefully all my problems were taken car of under warranty and this will be reliable car for the next 5 years or more. I enjoy the car, just not the problems.
This car is definetly worth your money.
As stated earlier.  Do not consider this car at any price.  All my repairs (many) have been performed under warranty so there was only inconvenience.  If you do buy a used one, tuck a few thousand away.........you're gonna need it.
The curves on this car make it look so sexy.The door slams like my 1960 beetle. Peppy engine,yet noisy. The cabin is very noisy, I can even hear the t.v inside my house from the passenger seat.Comfy seats, but I got 2 operations on my neck for falling asleep while driving the car.  Steering wheel sticks to my hands like velcro.
The 2001 Aurora V-8 is the best car I  have ever seen or driven in the 42 years  that I have been driving!                     Its power, when using premium gas, is   equal to that of my 1972 Cutlass 442 which  has a 455 OAI V-8!
My wife & I love this car.  We had an STS for two years and got rid of it to buy ther AURORA 4.0.
Absolutely the most attractive GM product to date. I have studied this automobile for 4 months and it easily exceeded my impressions of other luxury cars that were being considered. Styling is still impecable. The interior is thoughtfully designed: all controls are made convenient, cabin is spacious, and the seating is luxurious. The Aurora handles like a smaller sports sedan while holding the road like a performace car should. The power and low-end torque available on the 3.5 litre justified saving money over the 4.0 litre. I test drove the S60 and 325i. It cost too much money to match the power, perfomance, and comfort offered by the Aurora. This is my first Aurora and my first 'family' car. I am well pleased.
A very smooth, quiet, powerful, and luxurious car. It is light years ahead of the 1997 Buick LeSabre I traded in. The Buick was nice, but the Olds just rides better (can take a corner w/o leaning badly, looks better, and speaks more European taste than the older mans's Lesabre.I do reccomend this car, it is probably one of the best cars GM has to offer (in company with the Corvette and Seville STS). Plus, great deals are to be had with the phase out of Oldsmobile in the next 5 years. Free extended warranty too. So far I have 4500 miles and everything seems tight and trouble free. My old Lesabre had 98000 miles when I traded it and it was reliable, hopefully this Aurora will follow suit.
I love the car. It is a replacement for my 1996 Aurora which I traded in with just over 178,000 miles. I still got a good trade value on the car as even used Auroras are in demand. The engine is the same general 4.0 V8 as my old Aurora, but much improved. My old Aurora was very good to me only needing a waterpump and regular maintenance its whole life. The best thing about this new model is that it makes the same 250hp - but on regular gas, whereas the old model called for premium fuel.
Very nice car, very nice. The car may not be a standout in the crowd, but it isn't ugly either. The front and sides are awesome, the rear is a little bland - sort of looks like a Taurus sometimes. But, many people look it over in traffic - wonder how many think its a Lexus since there is only one emblem that says Oldsmobile on the rear. The big 17' tires (on the V8 model, 16' on V6) in chrome turn heads. I also like the many do-dads and safety features. You can't touch a better equipped car with a V8 for this price! Gas mileage is not bad,either. Luxury abounds throughtout the car from the real wood trim, supple heated leather seats, rain sense wipers, stability system, OnStar. the list goes on!!I will never by Foriegn again - no need to as long as cars like this can come out of the good old USA. Now, if GM could just build its other cars as good they'd be okay. Figures, the are going to drop Olds just when it gets its act together!!!!! Typical.
For the money you cannot beat the value of the Aurora. I love the driver-centric cockpit and the new styling throughout. The offset shifter was a particularly nice touch. I wish they had developed this in rear wheel drive as well as developed a shift-on-the-fly similar to Chrysler's. I wanted luxury and comfort.. but as most greedy consumers I wanted my performance, too. The Aurora, while not a racer, does not disappoint. The 4 litre Northstar does a very nice job of motivating you through traffic and seems to feel very comfortable while cruising at illegal speeds. I have noticed some problems in high winds despite the weight of the car. The suspension is finely tune... which is actually a drawback if you live in an area with shoddy roadways. The car seems to pull to the left constantly... until you get on a level road where it is rock-solid. Other than that, the car is a pleasure to drive, even for extended distances.
Extremely nice car that I am proud to own both because of its luxury and value...I got a luxury car w/out paying too much! A smart buy all around given the competition. With 18,660 miles so far, no problems, nada, none at all. I like the wood, leather, chrome wheels and all the neat stuff like the rain sense wipers and all.Trust me on this - you do not have to go foriegn to get a great car built well any longer. Take it from me, a past import buyer. No one offers a car like this WITH V8 power.
My overall impression so far with this car is very good. I got the V6 model intead of the V8 only because of my budget. But this car is no slouch as it moves out well. I traded my Intrique in for this car, which had the same V6. I drove the Intrique for 33,000 trouble free miles before seeing the new Aurora and HAD to have it. This car leaves no excuses to buy foriegn! So far I have 4,500 miles and so far so good. Looks like its going to be a good car like my Intrique was.
I like the car and so far no problems in the 17,400 miles driven so far.
A great car that I knew GM could build. Of course, once they get something right they stop. The Olds division will be terminated, but they have until atleast 2005. So, reap the great deals out there between the rebates and free extended warranty you can't beat it. My car has every option in listed in the price label a hair under $40,000. After the rebates and other deals, I paid $34,000. Can't touch a foreign car (especially w/V8) for that money that is a nicely equipted!!!  BUY IT!!
GM doesn't have the best reputation, but this Aurora is great and it always happens with GM --- once they get someting right the stop makining it!!!! The entire olds line is nice. The Alero is a great little car, the Intrique is nice and the Bravada is great too.Oh well - buy one now while the price is great and the warranty is extended for free. Just be sure to get the V8 model as it has more power, larger 17' wheels, standard stability system and so on. The 3.5 V6 model is still nice, but after looking and driving the V8 it is not as nice. But still nicer than a Maxima or Camry!
Without question, this is the best car from GM that I have ever driven, and as I stated, I think it is the best buy for an enrty level luxury/sport sedan. This car probably rates a solid 8+ on a scale of 1-10, however, with a 5 speed auto/manual trans. and a few tweeks this car has the potential to be a 10.
I hate typing so I'll keep it short. I like the car a lot.
The Aorora has been redesinged for the 2001 model year and is currently availvable.It is much improved over the previous model.Engine choices remain a powerful and refined 32-valve V8 or less powerful but contemprorary V6.It handle very nimbly,and the ride is firm and mostly agreeble.The cockpit is atractive,and most contols are well desinged.
i don't like this car.  It displeases me a lot.  when I compared it to my Geo Metro and my Dodge Neon it was a lot slower and a whole lot bumpier.  I would drive my GEO pimp mobile anyday over this discrace of a car.
Great Ergonomics, Great mid range power, not many on the road so still unique. Gold with Sandstone leather. All the bells and whistles are standard.  Chrome wheels are a 'must'.  Gets 24 mph on the open road with a V8! Great value for the price.
I am very, very satisfied with my 1999 Aurora.  It is extremely comfortable, smooth running, and remarkably reliable.  Plus, the body is so unique and attractive.  To me, the first generation Aurora is art in motion.  The car's shape and back end remind me of the original (1966) Toronado, which was a milestone car for Oldsmobile as well.I now have 27K miles on the car and have had so little trouble with the it over the course of 2 years.  I haven't seen a dealer service dept. in well over a year.  (I do my own preventative maintenance.)  The few warranty claims I made after I bought the car were for cosmetic things.The car runs very smoothly with the Autobahn package.  The engine is responsive and runs flawlessly.  The car well built -- its doors feel heavy.When I purchased my Aurora new, I took advantage of a $4K rebate, plus I got the car for dealer invoice.Now that the Olds division is being dismantled, I have become even more of a fan of my Aurora because of its uniqueness.   I have a feeling the first generation Auroras will become collector choices in the future.  The 2001 models are nice, but the first generation Auroras stand out as such a milestone for Olds.
Terrific car. No problems. I can't wait to get the new 2001 model, it is said that it is even better. Most of the complaints I read hear seem to be from people who bought USED ones --- hey any car can be bad when you buy it used since it could have been wrecked or a flood car! The guy before me wrote about needing tires in 4k miles....HELLO!!! sounds like it has been wrecked by the prior owner w/ frame damage. This is a great car, but I am also amused at some of the postings berating the car when they say they have a 2000 model. THERE WAS NO 2000 MODEL! The 1999 was the last Aurora before the new model came out as a 2001!!!!!
Awful, for the past few months, I've had many problems with this car.  I recently got new tires, which cost a pretty penny - and, not 4,000 miles later, I had to buy new ones.  The alignment was off, the brakes squeaked, and no one could fix the problem.  As if it couldn't get worse, my wife was driving my car last weekend, and was in an awful car accident.  Luckily, she was not hurt, but I'm interested in finding more information about this car.  I've read your reviews, and a lot of you believe that it is a lemon.  E-mail me with any information at neenabu@aol.com.  Thank you.
Absolutely LOVE this car. Have had the car for four years of wonderful trouble free service. Change oil every 3,000 miles. 0 problems from the day I bought the car. Love the diamond white color with beige interior. Ordered the car from the factory without the sun roof but all other options including the Autobahn package, the Bose sound and 12 disk trunk system. Car performs absolutely flawlessly on the road. Lots of 70 plus freeways in Ca, but you need to drive closer to 80 to avoid getting run down. Even at that speed on the road gets close to 26 miles per gallon. 21 around town. Love the Northstar engine and drivetrain. No rattles or interior noises and I am a real fanatic about extranious noises. Bought the 99 because I had seen the upcoming 2000 styling in Motor Trend and did not care for it. My previous car had been a 97 Aurora also white diamond metallic. It had close to 50,000 trouble free miles on it as well. Wanted the classic original styling so bought the 99 at least 2 years earlier than I would normally have done. I have not been sorry for a moment that I did so. My dealer here in Fillmore is Wm L. Morris and they have been great to do business with.
I purchased a 98 Aurora with 60,000 miles and drive it approximately 500 miles per week. Love the car - nothing compares dollar per dollar except possibly an Eldorado. The Aurora has personality, both inside and out. I believe it is also quite safe - has nearly a 4,000 lb curb weight.  This is a good car to do a lot of driving in. It allows the driver to relax and 'let the car do the work'. Every aspect of the car exudes thoughtful design and attention to detail. It is a great value for someone who wants all of the ammenities
This is one of the best cars I've ever owned. Almost all the cars my family has owned in the past were GM made, and all were wonderful rides. When I was my turn to pick my first real car I flocked to the Aurora.I'm a little bit younger than most Aurora owners, however I can honestly testify that this car is perfect in every way.Its very quick off the line, I tend to have a heavy foot so the engine gets quite a workout some times. Even with this the RPM never went higher than 5000, which just proves how finely tuned the drive train is. The engine never HAS to work hard, even at speeds where most cars would be redlining.The interior is also something else. Its comfortable beyond belief for both driver, and front passenger. The back seats are also amazing, with their own center console.The car came with a Bose sound system, which puts out great sound, lots of base and is pretty loud.This car has to many perks to list, and only a few minor problems, mainly where the cup holders are positioned.
First of All, I can't even begin to tell you the feeling you get when you drive this car, it is absolutely perfect. I have to admit I was a little nervous about the extensive electronics on this car but everything works flawlessly. The only trouble I have had thus far is when one of the spark plugs went out, after replacing all of the plugs I still had problems with the car running rough and found out I got a plug with a bad insulator on it which in turn caused the insulation on the plug wire to get a bad spot that caused the new plug to arc out also. This is a problem on this car as it has hemispherical heads so the spark plugs are surrounded by valve cover which makes an excellent conductive path for electricity. That said, I replaced the plug wires and haven't had a problem since, the car runs better than good. The interior on my aurora was designed perfectly the doors are excellent and they close well. No rattles in any part of the car. The motor has great power and it gets over 29 miles to the gallon on long trips. With the addition of an air intake kit and k and n filter I have managed to get the power up high enough on this 4000 pound beauty to beat the 3 person lighter supercharged Grand Prix GTP two car lengths off the ramp and pulling away slowly from there. As far as reliability, I do my own repair work you will find if you want something done right you have to do it yourself. I owned a cutlass supreme before this and it ran 200,000 miles with only about $300.00 in parts invested and never used a drop of oil its whole lifetime, let's see you say that about your rice burner. Oh yeah and the cutlass was the car I let my friends drive every time their rice runners were in the shop for repairs. Hands down the aurora is one of the finest automobiles on the road, truly an american classic, it will be a sad day in american history the day oldsmobile closes it's doors.
My wife liked the look, V8 power, and electrical gadgets of the 1998 Olds Aurora. She wanted the luxury car with a sporty, modern look. That's why we purchased this used car in the first place.     However, I had misgivings about the Aurora's extensive electrical system and the reliablity of GM products in general. My fears have been realized as we have taken the Aurora in to the repair shop a handfull of times since we purchased it on 9/11/2001! Thank goodness we purchased the extended warranty when we bought it. The warranty has easily paid for itself already.    The Aurora (and entire Oldsmobile line) are being discontinued for a good reason. The American automakers are closing the reliability gap, but the Japanese are still ahead. Performance, crash tests, and fuel economy for the Aurora are only average. Turning radius stinks. The consumer can purchase higher quality, more reliable cars elsewhere.    Goodbye Oldsmobile. You might not be my 'father's Oldsmobile' anymore (he passed away four years ago anyway), but you will not be missed by me!
I was on my way to look at Lexus 300's and decided to have a look at an Aurora that had been advertised at this dealership. I had read some very positive reviews at Car Talk about this model. On the lot, it didn't look that impressive on the outside, but when I opened the door and saw the interior, I 'melted'. It was immaculate and my favorite - grey leather! I was prepared to pay up to $18K for a used Lexus 300, and the price tag on the Aurora was $6k less. Test drove it and bought it that day. Refused the offered warranties - don't believe in them. Later I wished I hadn't.
Last summer, my wife purchased a 1999 Aurora. This car has been absolutely fantastic! It is truly a unique automobile. The styling is unmatched and the motor is so smooth!! I loved hers so much, last week I went out and purchased a l998 Aurora!! We are now a two Aurora family...hers is white and mine is maroon. Just a lovely car...hope I have the same luck with my '98 she's had with her '99!!!
I love this car. No car is perfect but this car is my baby.
 I had to manuever quickly to avoid someone pulling out in front of me and this car handled it very well.  Had I bought the SUV I originally wanted, it would probably would have rolled in this instance.  The car is so easy to drive.  It feels like a luxury car without the luxury price tag.  Having compared it with many other similar vehicles, dollar for dollar its a bargain.  
(Bought it new in ’98.)    Simply a pleasure to drive.  This car performs smoothly and competently at any speed up to 140 mph (thanks to the “Autobahn” performance package).  The Aurora is very quiet, solid and rattle-free like a luxury car should be.  Acceleration is strong.  The smooth melodic performance of the 250HP 32-valve 4.0L V8 is a definite plus.  (Thankfully, Oldsmobile did not offer a V6 for the '95-'99 model years.)  This car has more legroom, trunk room and looks better (I think) than the 2001-02 Auroras, although those are also excellent cars.  The original Michelin P235/60R16 99V tires are well matched to the car.  The new 'Energy Plus' version of these tires I replaced them with perform even better.  This car has all of the bells and whistles of today’s “near luxury” cars, even though it’s now a 7 year old design.  There is plenty of room in the front and rear for 6-footers like myself.  Both 8-way power/heated front leather seats are very comfortable.  The driver seat has 2-positon memory and both front seats have mid and lower power-adjustable lumbar support.  The dual-zone automatic climate control system cools the interior quickly, even in hot Houston summers.  The 6-speaker AM/FM/CAS/CD sound system is magnificent.  The Trip Computer, Driver Information Center, auto load leveling, auto traction control, auto off-delay headlights, fog lamps, rear window / side mirror defoggers and garage door opener are among the other STANDARD features.  The power sunroof both tilts and slides and the chrome wheels look great on this car.
Simply a pleasure to drive.  This car performs smoothly and competently at any speed up to 140 mph.  The Aurora is very quiet, solid and rattle-free like a luxury car should be.  Acceleration is strong.  The smooth melodic performance of the 32-valve 4.0L V8 is a definite plus.  (Thankfully, Oldsmobile did not offer a V6 for the '95-'99 model years.)  This car has more legroom, trunk room and just plain looks better than the 2001 Aurora.  The original Michelin P235/60R16 99V (150-mph) tires are well matched to the car.  I replaced them with the new 'Energy Plus' version of these tires and they are more quiet and corner even better than the old-style originals.  Both 8-way power/heated front leather seats are very comfortable.  My passengers tell me that the rear leather seats are also quite comfortable.  The dual-zone automatic climate control system cools the interior in an instant, even in hot Houston summers.  I think the Aurora, with its distinctive driver oriented dashboard, can best be described as a 'personal luxury car with 4 doors'. (The auto industry seems to only reserve the 'personal luxury' title for 2 door cars.)  The standard AM/FM/Cassette/CD Stereo sound system is already incredible, even with the treble/bass controls at center position. (BOSE is optional.) The Trip Computer and Driver Information Center are features some other luxury cars don't have even now.  The power sunroof both tilts and slides and the chrome wheels look great on this car.
I have had the car a week, and it is a pleasure to drive. Acceleration is incredible, as is the smoothness of the steering. Not a sportscar, but an American luxury car, this is one comfortable vehicle. If you want a quality used car at an incredible price, right now is the time to buy. I bought this car for 14,000.00 at a dealer. The current high book is 19,300.00, low book is about 16,500.00. If you like value, and want a great car, now is the time.
IT WILL CAUSE YOU PROBLEMS AND HEADACHES AND EVEN THE DEALER WANTED TO BURN MY CAR, DRIVE IT OFF A CLIFF, OR HAVE AN EXCERIST FOR IT!!!!!!!!  IF THERE WERE NEGATIVE STARS THIS CAR WOULD GET THEM!!!!!  IT IS THE CAR FROM HELL!!!!!!! or $hitmoblie:)
Purchased the car after deciding not to buy new (a van)  Have always liked the looks of the Aurora. Didn't know anything about them and only found this site after the cheque was cashed.
Awesome car!!! Fast and alot of power. Handles well in snow. Smooth transmition. Practical car, no major repairs EVER! All options worked, transmition shifted well and engine was still lively at 476,998 miles when the headgasket blew.
I have two Auroras, a 97 and an 03 Collectors Edition. After reading some of these posts, I had to join in. I have never had two better cars, and I have been driving 27 years. Yes, I have also driven foreign. The problems people mention on here as 'disastrous' are common problems, with simple fixes if you just do your homework. The Aurora V8 is a world class engine that is as smooth as silk, with plenty of power. It's looks, especially the first generation, are unequalled, even in 2008.
We liked the car initially. The original dealer would not fix anything until the warranty expired, then charged $600 to replace the water pump at 51,000 miles even though we repeatedly asked them to check it during routine maintenance.   Recently electrical problems have developed, and the dealer cannot find the cause or fix it. The dealer contacted Olds experts and was told they get at least 50 calls a day reporting similar problems.   The resale value is very poor, considering the sticker price.   I contacted the Olds customer assistance department and was told once a car is out of warranty it is the owner's responsibility to repair.
This car is the best vehicle i've been in. I was at 105 mph and only at 4250 rpms in 3rd gear. This car has the rare autobahn package. Check the door sticker for v as the tire rating. When you push the pedal down all you can do is hold on. Very fast, more horsepower than an Iroc-Z, and 5.3 vortec chevy truck. Better handling than any mustang or camaro. Nice wide body, Smooth sexy lines. Amazing car. If you put ram induction on this and reduce the backpressure the cops, or cobra mustangs, or camaros, or trans am's will stand a chance. That's what i'm doing to mine. Very, great, classy vehicle. The women love it. Great roomy leather interior for the times when you don't have time to find a room.     This car has the auto bahn package and has a top speed of 150 mph instead of 108 mph.
My wife needed a car and i wanted something with heated seats so there...... haha , nah , theres more to the story then that. A few years before we purchased this car i had saw one at the local used car lot and took it for a spin , man was i impressed! my wife drove it and she liked it too. it was a dusty rose color and in good shape for a 1996 didnt have the money to buy at that time . So when i was looking for something for my wife six months ago i spoted this one in the car mart paper. We went to the dealer and took it for a test drive. The car was in excelent shape it had 34,000 miles on it and the car fax report said that it came from florida. I got the dealer down from 8500 to 7900 dollars , had them put four brand new goodyears on it and it was ours ,
Ok I have read all the reviews on this car from this site and can only say that since I purchased this car 3 years ago I  have not had any major mechanical problem  other than general maintenance.  I bought the car with only 19K miles on it and now have 68K. I rack up about 600 miles a week of both highway and city driving and only have praise for this car. The ride is smooth and quit (under 80mph). At speeds over 80 get wind noise  from the front windows, probley need new door gaskets.  I live in the Northeast and the road conditions can be pretty bad at times but  this car has never let me down. If I keep the speed down can get 28-29 MPG on the highway and average 21-22 around town. Since I bought the car I have had the breaks done twice. The first set of brakes were standard replacements that only lasted me 8 months the second set were slotted and drilled rotors that I still have and on, last check had over 50% of life on the pads.  I change the oil only when the computer says it is time and the motor does not burn or leak a drop.  Have put on a set of high performance Toyo tires and what a difference in handling and feel, well worth the price. The only major problem I have had is with the front wheel bearings. I had to have them replaced but the cost was within the range as any other car. I also replaced the exhaust with a set of Flow Masters. What a difference in sound and performance. The car is a lot quicker and seems to have much better response on the highway when you boot it. I have also noticed that when stuck in traffic the engine temp will now stay at 200 degrees all the time. I guess with the loss of back pressure the engine runs cooler. The only electrical problems I have had came the first winter I had the car. The door locks would keep locking every 4 secs. I had to remove the fuse to the door locks but when the weather got warmer I put the fuse back in and have not had a problem since. I also had a problem with the security key, had to go back to a Caddy dealer to get a new set of keys made, for some reason the only key I had seems to have changed the resistance It once had.  This car replaced a Lincoln Town car that I was driving and I must say this car has more power and is more comfortable on a long trip. Also the gas mileage is a lot better even though I use high test fuel. If you can find one of these in good condition I would snap it up in a min. Also be sure you bring the car to a GM dealer to get the only call back replaced. You need to have the fuel rail replaced with a stanless steel one. This should be a free be from the dealer at least it was for me. 
I love this car! I was shopping for a car to replace my Lincoln Mark VII,and ran into the Aurora. Excellent blend of luxury and performance. One of the most stylish automobiles ever made by GM.
I love my Aurora! Im 22 and love this car. I have had all fields of vehicles. I had a 94 Camaro Z-28 with the LT-1 corvette engine and driving this Aurora makes me feel like Im back in the Z again. I love the way everything just wraps around you like you are in a cockpit. This car is gorgeous. Its very sleek and sophisticated. The only thing is, is that I cant figure out how to get the climate controls off of celsius. It is much better than my moms Lexus LS400.
Purchased a used '97, Aurora with about 54K miles on it. Have had it for about 2 years and still owe on 3.   Blew a head gasket and can't find a single mechanic that will be willing to work on the 'Cadillac Northstar Engine'.   A used engine is $3,800.00 installed and a new engine is $7,000.00 installed.   Luckily the multifuntional directionals  went within our 30 day warranty as this would of been $600.00 right off the bat!   I would HIGHLY recommend that anyone purchasing one of these USED vehicles by the extended warranty, it'll save you thousands of dollars in repairs.   It's an incredible automobile when it's running!             Buyer Beware,            Norman R. Lamoureux
Awesome, absolutely love the car, has great power, and comfort. The cockpit like feel, makes the driver feel in total control, and turns heads.
Car drives very well, lots of nice features, very comfortable
I love this car, Why didnt GM push it like they do the buick century i see advertised evry time i turn around?
Very happy with the car. Looks, feels, and performs the way Olds Aurora should.   New body style and interior changes on 2002 make me wonder who they were trying  to appeal to (it wasn't me). The car does cost more to maintain but that is to be expected with this class of car.   My wife and I are very pleased with our Aurora and would recomend this vehical to anyone, just remember you'll pay a little more in maintanance costs (it's well worth it).
I purchased this car a month ago and since doing so it has been in the shop being repaired, electronic things. The dealer had to send it out of town to a GM automotive repair shop.
So far the best car to have, it is luxurious and has the best V8 i have seen.    You do have the occasional urge to experience the surge from the V8, but i have seen that this has been so far my best experience in possessing an American Car with the least of problems.
This is by far the best car I have ever owned. It is fun to drive, low maintenance, powerful, and impressive to all that ride inside. I have owned my vehicle for 5 years, driven it 94K miles and have had few problems. I'm still on my original set of tires and brakes. I have religiously changed the oil every 3-4K miles. I see a lot of new cars that look great and appealing, but when I compare them to my 5 year old Aurora, they don't compete. GM has made a mistake in getting rid of this model with the retirement of the Oldsmobile line. I hope they reincarnate the model in a familiar form in another one of their car lines. Cadillac Aurora? Hmmmm.
INSTEAD OF WRITING THE REVIEW I WILL SIMPLY POST THE LETTER I SENT TO GM CUSTOMER SATIFACTION CENTER May 17, 2002    To Customer Satisfaction Department,    I am writing this letter to convey my frustration with a 2001 Oldsmobile Aurora purchased from a General Motors dealership in Windsor, Ontario. As a loyal General Motors customer since the purchase of my first vehicle and dedicated client of Dane Kane Chevrolet – Oldsmobile – Cadillac for over ten years, I assumed this patronage would have earned a compassionate ear to the long list of problems I have had with my Aurora. I have never made frivolous claims and have been very content with every GM vehicle I purchased. I referred countless friends, relatives and business associates to Dane Kane, many of which have purchased vehicles. I am now left with the unfortunate decision of ending my relationship with Dane Kane and possibly moving to a new brand of vehicle built by a manufacturer that holds customer satisfaction in high regard.    First I will list the problems I have had with my 2001 Oldsmobile Aurora so that you may better understand the frustration I feel and describe the final incident the that led me to write this letter.    First the problems. . . .    1)	Within the first couple of days after receiving the Aurora all the coolant leaked out. I brought the vehicle into service and someone from the service department topped up the fluid and sent me on my way without determining the cause of the leak. The following day I had to bring in the vehicle for service after the coolant leaked out again. This time they determined the cause to be a loose clamp.  2)	Within first 2 months 3 of my fog lights burnt out. The right rear door was out severely out of alignment and had to be adjusted because it would not close properly.  3)	 The right side mirror refused to reposition properly after parallel parking which has never been properly repaired so I have disabled the feature.  4)	My display malfunctioned and displayed garbled information on the LED and the computer had to be reset twice since the vehicle purchase.  5)	The front head lights on the vehicle shutter on and off. I really notice it when traveling on dark county roads. I was told that they could find nothing wrong. I have to avoid taking certain poorly lit roads to during the evening.  6)	Very poor transmission. The car jerks after you reverse vehi
I was prompted to look at the Aurora because I have '53 Olds and always liked to 'classic' Aurora. After shopping many car makes, I came down to the LS and the Aurora. I would not buy Japanese and the Germans are out of their mind on prices with options. After driving the V* models of both makes, I like the LS better but it was a poor car with children because of its smaller interior and lack of storage. After a cost analysis, I was able to but the V8 Aurora for $80 a month less than the LS. Easy decision!    My wife drives the car and will not admit to me how much she likes it. However, her sisters talk about her possessiveness towards the car. I love it. I agree with one of the reviews I read that I find I'm always letting off the gas. The car just wants to keep going.Love the looks, comfort, individuality, performance, handling etc. Only complaint is a little rough ride on bumpy roads. Had one minor problem with the idle that was fixed correctly the first time as they had to perform a relearn on the crank sensor. This appears to be a sporatic problem with the car that has been identified by a service bulletin.    I recommend the car to anyone. From my research, it appears those who claim to have trouble with these cars are the ones who beat them. I'm trying to save enough money to buy a 2003 for me; hopefully one of the final 500 special editions.    Feel free to email me for further comments.
I'm very pleased with my 2001 Aurora.  So pleased that I purchased another for my wife (same car, different color). Aurora offers a sporty look and a comfortable roomy ride that we both were looking for.  I accept the fact that machines/robots are not perfect and therefore, I can live with a few small body paint defects and the noticably misaligned body parts however, GM could improve in these areas.  The exterior black plastic panel below the windshield did not fit properly from the date of purchase nor was it attached on the passenger side at the windshield. This caused much interior noise at higher speeds while flopping in the wind. Clearly a design problem (panel to short)and after several months and three trips to the shop, it was finally replaced with a correct fit.  The rear brake pads were noisy with a howl while applying the brakes and at near stops, however GM was aware of this condition, a service bulletin was out to service departments and the pads were replaced with higher quality pads. The dealer service departments have been accomadating and willing to correct these warranty issues.  The extended warranty was the smartest move for Oldsmobile.  I'm not convinced however, that Oldsmobile is going out.  I somehow feel this has been a marketing thing. While GM has been slow coming over the years with design change, compared to imports, the Aurora has been a smart addition.  In my opinion, the Buick LeSabre is another GM choice quality automobile, however only favored by the not-so-young anymore. My past experiences with GM service departments has not been good at all however, I have noticed a great improvement since my purchase of the Aurora's over the past year.  Perhaps GM has finally figured out that service after the sale does matter to the consumer.
The car overall is a good automobile.  If olds tried a little harder the could have competed more directly with the BMW market.
Thisis the first 'luxury' car I have ever owned. I LOVE THIS CAR! From the front, it looks like a Jaguar. From the back, an STS. It is sporty, powerful and luxurious, all rolled together. My husband loves to stomp on it and make it go vroom. He drives it hard whenever he has a chance. I too, tend to romp on this car. It makes such a satisfyingly strong growl when you do. It has a lot of power, good pickup, and the luxury options (which were all standard on this car) are wonderful. The heated leather seats have spoiled me beyond belief! With the lumbar supports and the heated seats, my aching back just about cries with relief. The sound system is fabulous. I am used to the tinny sound from import vehicles and don't usually listen to loud music, but I find myself cranking the tunes in this car, especially on nice days when I have the sunroof open. I love the color (emerald green), but would have preferred silver or gold, so it didn't show so much dirt. This car needs a bath every week! I like to keep it clean though, because I am so proud of it. My husband and I have put 6,000 miles on it since we bought it in November and it gets great gas mileage on long trips (usually averages about 28), plus it has tons of space in the back seat. We have traveled out of state with my in-laws and they have been perfectly comfortable back there. I am a volunteer firefighter/EMT and a rescue diver, so I have a lot of gear that I carry at all times. All of my gear fits in the trunk and I even have room left over for groceries (as long as I don't buy the place out). We have had one repair, to replace a spark plug and some spark plug wires. Normally this would be an easy repair, as four of the plugs sit on top of the space-age engine. However, since this was one of the four on the bottom, the engine had to be taken out to reach them. Costly repair! We'd rather it was a cheaper vehicle to repair, but we love it anyway. I wish Oldsmobile was still going to be around, because they make some of the only US cars I like. I would recommend this car to anyone! Good vehicle! I want another one when this one wears out, although I prefer the body style I have to the newer, smaller versions. Love the V-8. Thank you for making this car!
We saw this car at a used car dealership after it was closed one night. We came home, read the reviews here and looked at the car the next day. It had good reviews, and we liked what we saw. We have now owned the car for approximately three months and we love it! It is the perfect mix of luxury car and sports car. It has a sporty look to it with the power of a sports car, yet it drives like a luxury car. The perks are all there -- power everything, leather seats, dual heat controls, heated seats, wood trim, sun roof, cd player, etc... We love those heated seats! Unfortunately, the memory function on our car doesn't work, so we have to manually change the seat and mirror positions each time we change drivers, but we can live with that. Like other reviewers, I agree that the placement of the cupholders is not good. Otherwise, excellent gas mileage, comfort and power. We have taken long trips with four adults in the car and been perfectly comfortable. We average 28 mpg on the highway. The sound system is great. The trunk is roomy. I would recommend this car to anyone wanting a comfortable, powerful car. This car was purchased new for $36,000, and we got it used in 2001 for $10,500 with 85,000 miles on it. It still acts like a new car.This is an excellent vehicle and I recommend it highly. I am only sorry Oldsmobile is going under, so we can't buy a new Aurora when we are finished with this one.
Overall, I believe this is the best car GM has ever built.  It is solid, comfortable, reliable and powerful.  The car has that stiff, solid 'German' feel to it.  The soft leather heated seats are the best, better than my lay-z-boy at home!  I have not had a single problem other than a stop-light-stall one-time issue.  Change the oil every 3000 mi, that's it.  The 250-hp 4.0-L V8 is a good motor.  I am from the old-school 350 cube overhead valve ideals, so this 32 valve double-overhead-cam thingie always leaves me skepical.  However, the engine is quick and light, lacks low-end torque, but get it past 4400rpm and it comes alive.
Prior to purchasing this car, I had been looking at a number of other cars ranging from Pontiac Grand Prix GTP to BMW 540 series. In my opinion, the Aurora is the best in class if you are looking for a car with power, looks and no end to emenities in 'European' interior styling.  You don't have to be wealthy to buy on of these babies used.  
It looks like a prototype dream car. i keep it NEW looking. Love the way it handles and rides. Mines dark cherry mica with beige leather. all options. I have an oil leak that just started. I haven't decided what to da about it yet.
The Olds Aurora is proof that Americans really can build the finest motor vehicles in the world, especially when price is factored in! I hear people bragging about cushy features in the import-luxury models they still owe tens of thousands on that came on the '96 Aurora that I gave only five grand for!
My sister and her boyfriend regularly trade cars with me. All of my family members love it. Including my older brother - with the 2001 Bonneville SSEI. Not to mention my acquiring the Aurora was enough to make him get rid of his 1996 Bonneville for the upgrade. Anyone having doubts about this car needs to take it on a test drive. Provided the car is in decent condition (if not mint) - I could guarantee no complaints. Not to mention, the car is styled great. Muscular. Etc. There's even third-party Xeon light kits available. Real Xeon. Not that fake BLUE stuff. Xeon lights on an Aurora....I'm working on it....
i have the first run 95 edition autobahn package and have met with $$$ heartache applying the lead foot to the brilliant but detuned powerplant.  bose/12disc exhibits whining like a dental drill; Attempted dealership repair 3 times.  '95 tranny has been replaced TWICE.  power door locks, emissions components, igintion wires, plugs, coils, water pump, belts, hoses, starter, battery all premature failure before 75k running on mobil 1 and consistantly high cruising speed.
We bought it used in October '97 for $19.7k with about 34k miles and just shy of two years left on the warranty.  We had a number of problems that we're all taken care of including a free loner car.  I suspect many of the problems were exacerbated by an inexperienced dealership service department with this model.We've enjoyed the car and will keep it for awhile longer.  The first year model will probably be collectible one day.  
This has been a great car!  I have 182,832 miles as of this writing with no major problems.  The engine and transmission have had no major work done on them.  Ride is still solid, with no squeaks or rattles!  Even after 5 years the styling still looks great.  It's a shame that the new Aurora has been downsized.
Purchased new in December 1994. In nearly six years the only major repair ($415) has been leaking master cylinder.  Otherwise completely reliable.  A pleasure to drive, especially on interstates at 65 to 75 mph.  Dealer service has been generally satisfactory although mechanics seemed unfamiliar with the car for the first few years.  I would buy another!
The outer 2 inches of tread on the 16 inch tires (235\60\R16) wears fast. The Goodyears wear the quikest but give a smoother ride than the Michelins. Both only have 50 mile tread warranties. I bought 80 mile kelly tires for $108 ea. balanced. They ride great. I had the brakes done when I bought the car and put A/C plugs and wires + all filters and had the fuel injectors cleaned three months ago.  I love Oldsmobiles and hope GM changes their mind about not making them anymore.
the car drives as good as the day i brought it. absolutely no mechanical problems. the engine is great even at 220k miles. the power is still there and the gas mileage is ok. the car sure seems to be a better buy than a toyota or a honda for what i paid.
Good engine.
I have always liked the look of this car. Never thought i would ever   purchase one. but i did. The car from a distance is wonderful. inside   and out. But once you really get into it. You change your mind. As far   as how it drives, it's wonerful. I bought mine used with 148,000 miles   on it. so i expect some problems, well may be a lot. but by this time   i'm pretty sure everything that could happen to it should have already   done so. Currently i have had a problem with it over heating. i not   sure if that's fixed properly yet. At this time none of my windows  work. those are the only things that i recking my nerves right now.   i will admit this care will drain your pockets. I have a little warranty on   it,so i'm going to used it every chance i get to. But i don't think that   i will keep this car long, probaly until the begining of the year if it   last that long. This is a car you would have to but brand new,   with plenty of warranty.
Its been a great car. just Routine maintenance. I put about 30k per year, wound'nt want any other car. Plenty of top end, 140mph governor is a plus....  Its a bargain for the 35,000 sticker
I have used this car from 56,000 to 135,000 miles. Prior to 100k only major expenses was $500(for part only) Radiator which is plastic and only weighs about 5 pounds - 65,000 miles. Otherwise the car is heavy frequently needs front tires and brakes all around. After 100k If you smell gas on hills replace the fuel rail ASAP $600+. If your Service engine soon light is on and nobody can fix it, You need a new computer, Only $180 for part. If your trasmission feels like it is slipping there is a cylonoid in the tranny that I have not replaced yet. Acts up for about a week after flooring it. If your tracton control goes besurk I never fixed and problem went away. kick the traction control in on purpose in the snow now and then (use it or lose it). Battery is $125 but lasts longer under back seat were it doesn't get as cold. A/C compresor at 129,000 miles. It was making a funny noise along with the water pump which is new + 2 belts - $900+. I also had to replace one of the front brake boots when I got new front rotors and shoes - $680 at Minenke for everything.
The car was great at first when i bought it. Slowly things started happening such as the power options in the driver door panel shorting out and dieing. That wasn't hard to fix, I just pulled the door off and used 6 15 cent wire buts and fixed it.    There is another wiring short in the dash somewhere causing my Tach to twitch, sometimes it seems like it dances to my stereo.    The car does run a little hot but the only time it went about 220 for me was when the water pump belt burned up.    Here is the biggy. Recently and I haven't figured out why the car started shuttering and clunking when you tried to use a little power. THings like accelerating on the highway, or up a hill caused an obnoxuious and scary thunking noise.    Finally I think I'm ready to fix and sell the car. It just today started having trouble starting, and when it did it started burning oil like a fiend, just out of the blue. It stalled twice getting it home. I think this has something to do with the previous problem I never was able to fix.    If this place lets me i'll post an update as to what was wrong with it. That is if I don't just pay someone to hit the thing and call it totaled.
The worst car I've ever owned
Like everyone else, it overheats. Steering column loose. Not too many electrical problems, (knock wood). Very stylish car. Excellent to drive. Fair gas mileage. Replaced air shocks in rear once, then again and the pump burned out. Desogn defect I guess.
The only problem i have had is the service engine light. Nobody seems to be able to hook up to the computer to read the codes. Transmission clunks when light is on, but when the light turns off, everthing is fine.
Wow, cant believe all of the problems these people have experienced. I have had none of them, knock on wood! Im not sure if its because mine is an autobahn or I just got lucky. I know the electrical sys. has problems- all GM cars do, it just depends on that particular car- My heated seat went out on the drivers side last year, so did my dads 2001 Tahoe. My traction control has a short- my friends 1998 riviera has the same thing, see the trend! I think this is a very well built car and Im happy with it. There are a few things people don't seem to know about them the main one being OIL!!! No matter what the book says it takes -8- quarts, the dipstick sucks so dont reley on it. Alot of people have engine problems and at least half always seem to to use 6/7 quarts. I dont know if that could be a factor. I just saw a 95 with 226,000 miles and it still ran strong.
If you are buying a car, do not buy this one, to many costly repairs that will keep your pockets empty. I hate the car now, im force to drive it because i cant afford antoher car. I having the same exact problems as other cars, the dealership has to do somthing about this
The history includes records from date sold new. I purchased at end of my business associates lease:    12,808 miles (2-29-96) seal, lower crankcase replaced.    34,603 miles (11-25-97) diagnose electrical problems-replace radio.    44,513 miles (8-19-98) diagnose electrical problems, replace alternator controller, PCM/VCM (computers)    49,098 miles (12-30-98) diagnose electrical problems, again replace alternator (alternator is causing          computers to fail)  63,420 miles (3-1-2000)- I purchase at end of associates lease and he leased new Aurora-dealer never advise him the electrical problems would be reoccurring. Dealer performed major 60,000 service and indicated the care was fine.     65,777 miles (7-9-2001) The car backfired while wife was crossing busy intersection and was not very responsive (it also started missing). I was just able to get to local garage next to intersection to try to at least get repair it enough to drive. I had no idea it would require major repair since it had only been 2,357 since it had a complete major 60,000-mile dealer service.  The repairs ($2,480) included the ignition module, ECM (computer), Electrical brake control module (ABS system), and alternator. The diagnostic showed the alternator malfunction was damaging the above components. This is the third alternator in 21,264 miles (and second EMC ). There is a manufacture design problem and the manufacture appears not to be able to fix it.     70.090 miles (5-28-2003) The car was taken in to the dealer because it slams into gear when shifting from park to reverse and shifts rough during normal driving. I was advised that the ECM (computer) was causing the problem and would have to be again replaced.     After getting the complete car history, I found that it has been an on going electrical problems that GM has not solved.  The current dealer was just going to replace the computer until I advised him he needs to check alternator since it appears from past experience it is involved in taking out the computers.    The only way to get GM to own up to their error and develop a fix is a forced recall. Please get a print out of your car's history from a GM dealer and review for repairs under warrantee and after. Look to see if you have had similar problems that are also reoccurring. If so please email me 'donnapaca@aol.com'    Also file report to federal gov and Center for Auto Safety (they could consider filing class action if they get enough complaints and are deemed safety issue) as these defectscould cause serious auto accidents.    Federal site to register a complaint  http://www-odi.nhtsa.dot.gov/home.cfm  You can also review previous reports regarding the 1995 Aurora filed by other owners at above site.    The Center for Auto Safety  http://www.autosafety.org/otherresources.php
This is an arguably attractive car with good power in the higher RPM's. The seats are comfortable but won't accomodate taller driver as the headroom is limited. I have to have the seats set just right and I'm only 5-10. The HVAC controls require you take your eye's off the road for too long. It's handling is slow and there is way too much lean in the corners as the suspension is tuned to soak up the bumps. Maintanance is where this car falls short, especially with the '95. Many of the problems were fixed over the next few years but as I've heard they didn't eleiminate them.  This car seems to love being in the shop and the repair bills aren't cheap. We have had the brakes completely replaced, power steering pump rebuilt, and the car currently needs some suspension work and there is a major water leak. EVERY time it rains we have to vacuum a gallon of water out of the back seat floor and underneath the back seat where the battery sits. Cuased a short the last time. IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A CAR AND CAN JUST BARELY AFFORD AN AURORA, DON'T GET IT BECAUSE THE REPAIR BILLS WILL BREAK YOU.  I will stick to driving my pickup, 93 Ranger, as the only thing that has had to be done is some minor brake work, @100k
Engine has leaked since I bought the car. Engine overheats constantly. I think the car was a lemon when I bought it from a Mpls dealer. No mechanic will touch it; says it is too complicated to fix.
this car is piece of junk. The engine has leaked oil since the first year that I owned the car. Dealer repaired this junk under the warranty but the fix only lasted two years then it began agian. When I brought it back they told me it was going to cost another $2,000.00 to fix it agian???? Last week I had to replace the master cylinder to the toon of another $500.00 and have had other nagging repairsthat pop up every month or so. Keep in mind that this vehicle only has 45,000 on it. What a Junk! Next car for me will be a lexus....
When it runs a very good car to drive but similar experience as many others, frequent failures and expensive to fix. It appears problems are complex to diagnosis, service departments don't know how to fix or combination of.
This is my 1st car and it was the best one i found for the money. I havent had a single problem, knock on wood, and it hase been greta for me. i really hope i didnt make a mistake. it's a fun and eciting car to drive, nice sounding engine, i wish it had more power and better acceleration, but it is fast enough. The trunk is huge, and the interior is unbelievable. It looks bran new and the negine is spotless. it only had 76950 mi. when i bought it in june 2003. it seems to get good gas mileage so far. i got it wioth 4 new tires and it drives as straight as an arrow without my help. so far, its cool, pluss i just found out that it was used as a race car for a few years!
There sure are a lot of whiners about this car who fail to see the value in it. It's an inexpensive American top of the line lux-o-boat. Inexpensive being the operative word, and American meaning it's going to have problems. (duh!) But for all of those who've spent un-Godly $$ on repairs, you obviously have'nt done your homework. Parts are not that expensive, most stuff is off the shelf GM parts. Folks need to go to PepBoys or Advanced Auto stores and get the parts themselves, prices are reasonable, really. Then install them yourself, or have your mechanic do it. Reoccuring electrical issues effecting engine performance is usually one of the four coils going bad (not computer monitored).     If your looking to buy this car, you should know a little about auto mechanics so you can handle the small stuff. Reliability is mediocure, but when it's all working right, it's a dream car.  Buy one from a respectable dealer (CarMax) and get a warrenty. Mine had 85K miles on it when I bought it, so most of the little glitches had already been fixed. It was all highway miles, and the car was not abused (which it sounds like some of those other reviewers had purchased a car that was raced too much).    Mine has had problems too:  Rear ash try door wont close (kids playing with it too much)  Replaced one coil after several trips back to the shop (because they thought it was plug and wire arching-yea, right, I had to tell them to change the coil! And this was a Caddy dealer no less- since Olds is gone)  Brake booster gave out (too many wife panic stops!-she really needs to learn to slow down!)  Drivers window motor died.  Only replace parts with GM OEM (even wires and plugs), or you'll be sorry.    It's a comfy, quick, great riding, fun to play with, gadget laden, loaded, safe, boat to drive. I'll never give mine up.
Out standing car I found it by luck it looks like new and runs like new. Beautiful car and is well worth every dime I paid. If you find one in good shape buy it you will not regret it. I have been offered twice what I paid for it but I cant part with it. It the kinda of car you can hop in and drive for ever and never get tired. It has every thing you can add on it.Olds you hit a home run with this one
I love this car!  It's the most comfortable car I've ever owned.  Bought it used 2 years ago with 36,000 miles on it, now has 90,000 miles on it.  The only thing we have done (beyond regular oil changes) is replace 2 tires on the front, front brakes, and replaced the serpentine belt, but we were warned about the serpentine belt requiring replacement at about 60,000 miles (we replaced it at 85,000 miles).  We have not had any problems with this car at all.  The memory seats are fantastic since my husband and two oldest boys are all around 6 feet tall and I'm 5'4.  I love having the power of a V-8, especially since I work in the 3rd traffic-congested area in this country.
The car is absoulrtly great!I had it for 3 years and no problems.I love the Northstar.
I really like the car. I met someone recently that has a 95 Aurora and just put in a used transmission. I was bragginbg how well my car ran. I do not brag now. My transmission is going to cost $3200 to rebuild. I see others with the same problem. Is this a fault in this car?
This is the first Oldsmobile I have ever owned. I guantee it will be the last. Yes, I bought the car used, with 80,000 miles on it, I had the warranty 12,000 or 12 months and used it to the maximum to include replacing the transmission with only 80 miles left on warranty, however, the car has 120,000 miles on it now and things I have replaced within the last 20,000 are having to be replaced a second time (break booster and master cylinder)all repairs are outrageous as you either have to drop the transmission or the engine to get to anything......If you want to hear all the things I have replaced in more detail email me at ronnacooper@yahoo.com
WOW!  This is an excellent car!  It doesn't handle quite like a sports car, but for a luxury car it kicks butt!  On the interstate, I have shamed two supercharged Buicks, a BMW 750i, three Lexus' (IS300, GS300, GS400), and a '99 Mercedes S500.  Off the line performance is not stellar, but hey, this isn't a drag car.   I test drove quite a few cars in this class and the Aurora surpassed the Cadillac STS in drivability, performance, and construction.  While Lexus' flagship, the LS 400, presented a more supple ride, the passing performance and the build quality aren't nearly what the Aurora presents.  With nearly 100,000 miles on my car, it still does not rattle and the engine runs like a CHAMP!    The only qualms I have with this car is the COST OF MAINTENANCE.  I am a home mechanic and I can't even change my transmission fluid.  But, this doesn't mean you can just drive to Jiffy Lube.  No.  Because the Aurora is a 'specialty car', this means that there aren't enough of them around to warrant the wide sale of service equipment or the general training of mechanics.  THE ONLY PLACE TO HAVE AN AURORA SERVICED IS THE DEALERSHIP (Excluding the simple oil service, which is also made more costly because of the larger oil capacity than most cars.)But, not any Oldsmobile dealership can work on the Aurora.  In order to sell Auroras, the proposed dealers had to send a percentage of its sales and service staff to be certified by Oldsmobile.  If a dealer couldn't afford this, they didn't get the Aurora or the equipment to perform Aurora maintenance.  To be perfectly honest, this car KICKS MAJOR TAIL, but have it checked by a personal mechanic BEFORE you buy.  If the car is sound go for it and enjoy.  If not, keep looking.  This can be a very expensive car to repair.    If you go far enough to take the test drive, and have it checked by a trusted mechanic; have him or her pay special attention to the rear main seal.  The foundry that originally produced the oil pans for the Aurora screwed up the chemical composition of the metal which over time has been known to corrode the interior baffles of the oil pan which produces an oil leak where the engine meets the transaxle.  This can be very pricey to repair since the engine must be REMOVED FROM THE CAR just to take off the fluid pan.  If you have more questions, please feel free to email me.
Unfortunately, I trusted this bozo, who appeared to be pretty honest. He said that he had no trouble what-so-ever with the car. What a lie that was. This peice of junk needed a heater-core about 3 weeks after we bought it ($250.00 plus labor)...A few months later, it kept hesitating at steady speeds...Then the water pump went out (over $200.00 plus labor)...the CD player would only play new cds...it it wasnt such a POS, it would have been a great value.
Smooth ride and very roomy inside. The power was very impressive and i like how the console is turned towards the driver so there is no uncomfortable reaching while wearing the seatbelt.  Very quiet engine, couldn't even tell it was running while standing outside of the car. I like the outer design and the interior is comfortable. There were no odd sounds or squeeks while driving.
I really like my 2001 Aurora 4.0, the V8 model. While the V6 (Aurora 3.5)is an excellent car, the v8 is more suitable for this type of a luxury car. Do not get me wrong, the V6 bumps up the value for the dollar up even more than it already is with the V8. Keep in mind that the V8 also gives you much nicer looking 17' wheels (instead of 16') and Precision Stability control, and other nice things standard. You can get SOME of these feature as options on the V6, but not all and when you add them you are pretty darn close to the V8 anyway...This car now has 12,000 miles - trouble free and squeak/rattle free. Who says that the US cannot build a great car is still brainwashed from the troublesome 80's. I, for one, replaced a Toyota Camry XLE for this car and the difference is just too much to describe.
This is a great car for us rich snobby jerks who could use our incredible wealth to help all those poor people in need, but instead choose to spend obnoxious amounts of money on cars. I like to use my powerful V-12 to run down homeless people and poor people. I also like to wreck my Rolls into cheap Toyotas and laugh because I know I can pay to repair mine, but the poor sob cannot. Overall, I use my Rolls Royce to cause great pain, suffering, harm, and humiliation to all of the poor people of the world whom I could help because I am so damn rich, but I choose not to because I am so damn selfish. A great car.
There's notthing like blasting the radio on a Mexican station, the trumpets and the tuba never sounded better, the look you get on Sunset worth all the money.
I think you should buy this car becuase of its exellent interier, its smooth ride and its hand made reliabilty so if you are a big spender and are able to dish out around $200,000 to 250,000 i think you should buy this well made and reliably car.So for i haven't had any problems and i am happy i bought this great car!!
Honestly, I expected more out of a car for $200,000.  I hear a pinging sound when I top it out at about 120 miles an hour.
all i will say is, if you can afford it, get it. you will not be disappointed.
In my view, this is the best new automobile on the market. I do recommend it. There is no question that this car is not for someone who considers driving an event of getting from point A to B, they can take a bus to do that, this is about luxury, top drawer grand luxury in design, quality and drive. It cannot be touched in any market, it's truly magnificent, a spectacular machine.
Most definitely the best car on the market in terms of overall capacity and luxury. It suffers no rival and graces the very gravel it drives on by it's sheer presence. The jealous looks from Joe Blue only add to the exclusive feeling, albeit Joe doesn't usually know exactly what you have(i.e. Bentley or RR?).
This is the best car in the world. No car can match this car as of now. I wounder will the Mercedes Maybach change my mind.
Yes, I would quite assuredly recommend it.  The best car you can get for under $300,000
If it is in your price range, I would very highly reccommend this vehicle. Be sure to be prepared to pay heavily for gas though.
$220,000. If you have the cash and you have a junky old car buy it. But if you have a Mercedes S600 and have the cash invest it or buy a house.  A car is just a way to get to point B from point A
Although it comes very close on paper, the TL won't have the pure zing of a BMW 3-series (mainly because of size), but, taken as a total package (performance, reliability, resale, safety, and gadgetry), few cars on the road can come close. My personal bias is to recommend the MT. It's 81 lbs lighter and there are a few other details that are different. The differences, however, become palpable when you zoom to 60 in 5.4-5.6 seconds as opposed to 6.1. Either version will shine on the twisties. With 19' tires, it's recorded to have a 0.92 lateral acceleration, which is remarkable for a car this size.
My black 2007 TL SType is a honey of a car,too bad the new TLs aren't as pretty!
Great combo of power, handling and features.
Great car. Test drove G36x, Altima and Altima coupe(all great cars), but after driving the Tl and TL type s, my wife and I agreed it was the best fit for us. Another option was waiting for the 2008 CTS, but the Acura really looked like a better deal compared to expected pricing on the CTS.
I bought my TL new 2.5 years ago so this will be a review from someone who is not still a honeymooner with their car. I currently have 21,000 miles on the car so it has been babied. We normally take our Honda Pilot on family road trips so this car is mostly my daily/weekend driver. So here goes: After 2.5 years, I still very much like this car. I bought a White Diamond Pearl 5 speed AT model with navigation and this is definitely the best car I have owned. The looks and performance attracted me to it and these attributes in addition to all the amenities and fuel economy of this car offers me have kept me happy since. I do the normal maintenance of changing oil and rotating tires and this car is pretty easy to work on. It uses the same oil filter as our Honda Pilot which is nice. To date, I have only brought the car to the dealer for two issues and both times were pleasant experiences: 1. front drivers door speaker was popping in first 2 months of ownership   and got replaced. This took two trips to resolve since the speaker   was not in stock and needed to be ordered 2. Power steering hose recall. Since I was bringing the car in for that, I    also had a passenger front seat trim panel replaced since it came   apart (just a little seem that only I would really notice). This too   took two trips for final resolution because the seat trim part needed   ordering. So in all, I have driven 4 times to my dealer in 2.5 years and none of these issues was serious or even urgent. The features I like about the TL are: - great performance. There are quicker cars but this car is plenty quick  for almost anyone. The auto transmission kicks down quickly when necessary  and I rarely use the manual sequential shifting (SS) mode. The SS mode  is very helpful in the snow if wish to start in 2nd gear to reduce wheel  spin. - very good fuel economy. I drive spirited but safe and have just a 7 mile  commute to the office during the work week so half my miles are short trip   miles and half the miles are longer on weekends. In this city environment,  I routinely get 20MPG with an average speed of only 26MPH - thats a lot  of stop and go! I compare this car's performance with past cars like a   4 cylinder Suburu Outback or Nissan Maxima and this is great mileage when  your factor the additional performance of a 3.2L V6 with 268 HP. In addition  the trip computer (MID) is very accurate in its estimate of MPG- I find  it within .5 MPG with possibly 1 exception. I track this mileage on  fueleconomy.gov and it is amazing how accurate this MID is. - great navigation with sophisticated voice recognition. I can say 'Find nearest Mexican Restaurant' and the Navigation will show me all the  Mexican restaurants and even dial my favorite Robertos takeout via the  Bluetooth connectivity with my phone. - great handling for a front wheel drive car. I don't have Type-S model that came out in 2007 but bolstered the suspension with a $90 rear sway bar that makes a great difference in handling. - comfortable and luxerious interior. The seats are great and easily adjustable. The key fobs control his/her preferences so my seat/mirror positions,radio  presets can be tailored to my preferences and my Wife can have her own. I  added LED interior bulbs to give the car a cool look. There is plenty of  storage as well with front door map pockets (which retract), a dual level center console, a couple of retractable doors in the front dash, and map pockets on the back of both front seats, as well as map pockets in the rear doors. I did have a concern early on about the back seat not folding down (like the TSX does) but found over the test of time that the center opening is quite sufficient and preferable for my needs even. Try to go to Home Depot and bring some pipe home with 4 people in the car and you'll see what I mean on this one- you would need to dangle the pipe out the sunroof or window while the TL works perfect in this situation. - excellent sound system. The DVD/audio system is amazing when you actually buy a DVD audio CD like the Beatles Love album as one example. The sound makes me think the Beatles are playing in the back seat- crystal  clear. So all in all this has been a great ownership experience so far. I fully plan on driving this car for another 4 or more years. OK this is one long review. I have just one blurb to add regarding this third generation model compared to the latest 4th generation 2009 model that is now selling. I think the new model is nice, but wouldn't consider trading in my 2006 for  one. I think Acura cheapened or downgraded things in the following areas: exterior looks, center console, front map pockets (hard plastic .vs. retractable plastic/leather?), gauges appear harder to read, not touch screen navi although it is higher resolution and more capable, physical length grew so it would be harder to fit in my garage.  
I have enjoyed this car, overall.  The horsepower is impressive backed by a smooth shifting transmission. Handling is responsive, and tight enough to get the job done.  The interior is clean and flows well.  It has a love or hate dark wood/marble looking trim, that I personally like and so does my wife.  I have read articles claiming that anyone around 6 ft. tall will have a problem with the headroom.  I am 6'1' and I have not noticed a problem.  I also like the smooth crisp lines of the exterior.  It looks classy, but yet has that 'I can't sit still' look.        
What can I say...initially was looking into Lexus, BMW, Volkswagen new GLX Passat.  Once I drove this baby I was in love!  It's got speed and smoothness and the pickup kicks bmw 3series, audi a4 and saab^5's butt!
I can't even imagine buying any other car in the $25-35K price range.  This car has the best of all worlds wrap into a beautiful driving experience.  The car comes fully loaded, the only accessories I added was a spoiler and Chrome Wheels.  Wow! What a difference the $1300 ($700 for the spoiler, $600 for stock rims chromed) in accessories added to the car.  It was well worth the money.  The dealership in Los Gatos was a pleasure to deal with and they gave me a screaming deal.  $33,000 including Nav and accessories.
Great car! Has everything I want! Has a lot of power, room, and nice features. The best overall value!
Impressive jeckel and hyde car. Its a race car and a sedan in one. Great Value, all the goodies are standard without ordering individually and paying through the nose. Just watch out for the type-S ride though, its so stiff your wife will refuse to ride in it with you and you'l end up having to go out in her crappy beat up Taurus when you are together!!!
The Car is veryyy goood. I liked the day I drove this car.. I planned to but an Infiniti I-30. The ride was quite stiff and so were the seats. The Navi on the I30 sucks. By the time it tells you how to go. you would have gone by then. We bought two cars from the same dealer with the same config. was at the end of the month and the July 4th week. so got a pretty good deal from the dealer. 
I'm generally pleased with this car.  Acceleration is solid with minimal torque steer and the engine sounds great.  Braking performance is OK, but the feel could be enhanced.  I'm also pleasantly surprised with the gas mileage I'm getting, which is more than I expected from a car with performance engine.  I'm very impressed with the backseat and trunk space.  The seats are very comfortable.  Things I find lacking are the cheap fake wood interior and the weak sound system.  It also would have been nice to have the availability of a standard transmission, more color options and a rear windshield wiper.
In a word WOW! I initially was interested in the TL version (why do I need a sports car?), but my color of choice was not available locally or within 200 miles. After test driving the TL, I test drove several other vehicles and was leaning toward buying the Lexus ES 300. I then test drove the TL-S and fell in love with the car. To get this kind of performance, you have to spend in the 40K + range. The engine has a nice purr (smooth!) and it corners and accelerates beautifully. The seats are comfortable but not quite like my old  92 Volvo 940 turbo (fit/finish and ride blow away the Volvo)  
I am very happy with this car.  I have been debating and test driving all sorts of cars for the past 3 months and finally decided on the TL Type S.  Everything from the LS 430 and new Q45 down to the Accord coupe and the Acura TL Type S had (and will have) the best value for the amount of car you get.  The Q45 was my other choice, but Infiniti is lacking in quality of their Nissan engines as of late.  The TL Type S looks great, drives great and has one of the best Navigation systems around.  I highly recommend at least test driving this car to anyone interested in a luxury sport-sedan.  Check out www.acura-tl.com for a lot of useful information in their forums - a great help to those interested in this car.
It is a great car that is fun to drive.In my opinion it is by far the best value car in it's class.Given my past bad experiences with all of the' Big 3' I only considered Honda or Toyota based vehicles. 
very powerful car, but it feels like wannabe luxury car...
Great Car. Had to turn down rotors at 12,000 miles, but that is the only problem to date.
I have been adding updates as I went along with this car. I really did like it. But...and there's always a but.  At 10,800 miles, as I was taking the car in for an oil change and have them check out the tranny it happened. The tranny crapped out. My car was not part of any safety issues or recalls (they said my car already had the updated tranny). I was not a happy camper and they knew it. They invoked the Lemon Law and I drove away with an '04 Acura RL. Of course it is a beautiful car with all the bells and whistles. I will keep the forum updated on this vehicle as I go along. To any of you that the tranny's crapped out of I am sorry. The dealer should step up and make it right. I wasn't about to keep that car knowing the tranny's could keep crapping out as nauseaum. But I must say, the '04 Acura are fanastic vehicles I test drove them all).
I jumped from a 2002 4 cyl accoord to the TL.My thinking was the Tl was a glorified accord. Boy was I wrong.The car has more driving dynamics. The feel the way it handles and how smooth the ride is. The engine just pulls all the way to 6 grand. This is an all aroung comfortable car. I am 6 2 and have no problem getting comfortable. The radio is fine, if you want more upgrade with an aftermarket unit. This car is not great but it doesn't dissapoint in any area. I have 24,000 problem free miles on it.
Just an update to my original post. I now have 10000 miles and 7 months under my belt. I still love this car. Really nothing bad I can say about it. I leased this car and sad for Acura, when the lease is up I will be getting a Lexus, unless they do some drastic styling changes on the 2008 3.2.
I gave this product a 5 on 5 because this is a great car and it could last very long if you take care of it.
Could have spent more for the Volvo or the BMW, but so far I don't feel like I'm missing anything.
WOW!!  What else can be said?  I already have 2 2000 Honda Accords and I couldn't resist getting this Acura!  The base TL is a very nice car...but the Type-S just rocks!!  The engine wails!  Amazingly value packed for the price and you couldn't get a better powertrain!
Talk about a WOLF in SHEEPS clothing. This car has got to be THE sleeper car of the year. I actually surprised a Camaro Z28 as we were both merging onto the freeway. When he caught up and (finally) past by, the driver nodded his head in admiration. Anyways, while I don't condone drag racing sports cars, I will say that it's sometimes necessary to open her up. Having 260hp on tap is a blessing in disguise especially since the car is so concervatively styled, making stop light take off's and f-way on ramps sooo much fun. All this while I'm sitting in my perforated leather seat with the Bose stereo blasting, and the climate control set at 68 degrees. Talk about being having your cake and eating it too. Just ask the Chevy guy. 
  I have owned the car for only 1 week but I already have fallen in love with it, The ride and response is exellant.  With many features that would only come on a more expensive model I am very happy with the deal.  Compared to the Lexus 300 that I test drove and the BMW I feel the TL is hands down the better bang for the buck.  Hold to your guns for a good deal on the TL I held out for 3 weeks and finially got the deal I wanted with Gold trim and extra wood trim thrown into the package for free.
I've had my TL Type-S for about two weeks...and I LOVE IT.  You will catch many other drivers off-guard...they'll get a great look at your tail end as you pull away.  
This isnt your typical make believe sports sedan - like the Lexus IS300.This car is a beast.  It competes in performance with some of the most powerful V-8s out there.  It is faster than a twin turbocharged Audi S4 w/Steptronic.  This level of performance was accomplished by making several modifications to the base TL engine by Honda Racing like titanium combustion chambers, a higher compression ratio and adjusting the air intakes.  Some of the technology was borrowed from the NSX.The handling is great for a car this long (193 inches!!!), considering the length of this car I would say that it handles on par with the BMW 330i which is a much shorter car.The previous reviewer is off his rockers.  It is only common sense that the Type S version of the TL would be faster than the base TL.  The base TL is also a fast car with a 0-60 time of 7.4 seconds...but the TLS makes a fast car even FASTER!  Top speed of the TLS is 143 mph although there is no way to verify this..or is there?? :-)It does lack some of the panache that BMW, Audi, Lexus and Mercedes have but if you look beyond the snob-appeal this is the best sports sedan for the money.There are some things like the audio system, styling etc. that could have been made better so I can only give it 4 stars overall.
I test drove many cars in the past year before making my selection. The TLS is the best value and sporty sedan with front wheel drive. The 330i was a tad better in handling and the engine was electric. However, the Acura was on the bottom of the list until I drove the new 2002 TLS and I new that this car was the choice for me. I recommend anyone looking for a sport sedan to test drive this car before you buy.  
I fell in love with the type-S the moment I revved the motor to red-line.  I've taken this car to 64 mph in SECOND GEAR!!  This engine roars when you floor the acceleration, and will beat almost anything with four doors from 0 to 60mph.I love all the little extras that come standard on this relatively in-expensive package, like the passenger side wing mirror that automatically tilts down while reversing; or the heated front seats; or the 6-disc in dash CD player.  BMW and Mercedes absolutely ROB you if you ask for things such as these.It's hard to believe this is a front wheel drive car, as the handling is better than a lot of BMWs I've driven.  The VSA (Vehicle Stability Assit) is nice and non-intrusive, providing help only there is absolutely no chance I can recover the road myself.  I also like that the sportshift doesn't upshift by itself(aside from going from 1st to 2nd).  I've had a nasty experience with a Lexus that decided to shift from 3rd to 4th gear during a rather perilous turn, which caused it to almost spin off the road.One interesting observation, is that although the TL offers limited head room (I'm 6'3 and have about two inches of room above my head), it is the ONLY car in my recent recollection that offers enough leg room so that I'm not driving with the steering wheel between my knees.  The steering wheel placement is very nice, and the seat position offers GREAT visibility.I dislike the cheap fake wood that comes standard with a black interior on the Type-S, and have had that replaced.I would recommend this car to almost anyone.  If you are in the market for a car that doesn't break the bank, drives like a dream, and still offers enough creature comforts to make those long drives enjoyable, PLEASE do yourself a favor and test-drive the TL Type-S, it won't disappoint.
Wow.  You get the most bang for the buck with the Acura.  The new Type S, with the 260 hp engine is fun to drive.  For just under $32K, you get just about everything...leather, moonroof, memory seats, wood trim, manumatic shifting, 6CD changer, ABS, VSA(traction control), and the list goes on...Test drove the BMW, AUDI, and Maxima (and others) and the Acura was the best buy.  Comparably equipped, the others were $3-10K more expensive and there was less horsepower.  I did like the Audi's Quattro and its torque, but it came in about $10K over the Acura.  Plus it was smaller(listed as a compact) so I couldn't justify the $40K + they were asking.  BMW felt wimpy, but it was a very nice car.  Lexus, Nissan, and Infiniti weren't even in the running after all the test drives.  If you get a chance(they are pretty scarce for now) drive it.  You'll be happily surprised for what you get.  Performance + Luxury for less than $32K.  Acura needs to ramp up the RL's performance to keep up with its little siblings.  
One ofthe best values in the market. Great engine transmission suspension ride looks. Cant ask for much more. I just wish Acura had invested a little more time and money in refining the interiors. 
The new styling for the 2002 TL, particularly the 17-inch aluminum wheels and low profile tires on the Type-S, are a tremndous improvement over recent editions of the TL.  You will not find a better value in a luxury car.  The sport package in the Type S make it comparable to the performance of the three series BMWs without the 'beemer' image which will cost you an additional $6,000.  I have previously owned an Acura legend and will very little maintenance issues.
i've been doing a lot of research into all the cars since last sep. and this is the best combination of performance, luxury and price.even though this is not the best performance car in its class, but when combined with luxury features and price, there's just nothing that can beat it.
I can say that this is the best overall car I've owned and you just can't beat what you get for the price !!!
I would recommend this car for the Money.  However, Acura should address the numerous complaints about the sun roof , fan noise and lack of fog lights.
'Sport Sedan' is an apt description for the 3.2 TL.  A very sporty engine is at the heart of the TL.... it delivers quite a bit of power over the low end and then the VTech technology takes over at the higher speeds giving the car a power curve that is good to go over the entire range of speeds.I have the Nav system, which is a nice 'toy' to have.... and at times actually quite useful.  I find its best use is as a yellow pages... I can look up phone numbers of business right from the car... call ahead for that pizza, haircut appointment, etc.  the maps are pretty accurate.Coupled with this is the transmission which keeps the torque in scale thoughout the 5 speeds.  The transmission seems to shift just at the right time and in synch with the current road conditions, hills and slopes.  What many don't seem to mention is the sport shift.  After a little practice, I find that the sport shift really enhances the driving experience.  It is a great option to have in heavy traffic where you want more control of where you want your car to be in relation to other cars on the road, more precise control over acceleration and deceleration via engine braking.  It can make traffic much more tolerable since you don't have to constantly move from the brake to the accelerator pedals.  Another great feature not often discussed here is the the xenon headlamp system which really extends the vision of the driver at night.  Not only does it throw a deeper pattern, but side to side visiblity is also improved.  I almost feel like I have those 'cornering' lights many cars used to have that came on when activating the directional signals... except they are constantly illuminiating the curbs in my peripheral vision.On the downside, there is more wind noise at 75 mph than in my LS 400... this may be due to the unusually large side mirrors... also I believe the factory equipped tires transmit more road noise some of the softer tires on the market... in Florida we don't need the all-season Michelins that are standard.... kind of looking forward to my second set of tires to see if comfort and noise reduction can be notched up a bit... also the radio is not as good as Lexus's ES 300.... but adequate nonetheless... 4 Bose speaker plus a subwoofer.... trunk is spacious enough to handle my son's cello.... I am getting combines mileage of 23 MPG which I think is pretty good in light of all the power and torque this car provides.... 
No doubt this car gives you best value for the money in its class. Engine is lively and refined, but it is no match with BMW 330i. If you want a true performance machine and have a deep packet, you want to go for BMW 3-series. Interier layout such as door panel and instrument panel are too much alike Handa Accord, only seat surface is leather.
The car is great for the price.  Back seat is slighly roomier than a maxima.  The head space is lower. It is a well built car except for the lack of fog lights for the TL.  I would like to recieve emails on where to order fog lights for 2001 TL
Overall i really love this car. I spent 3 months looking and test driving evey car in my price range. ($21k to $30k) I give this car a rating of 5 stars because of the reputation of Honda. The quality and price. You be your own judge but i don't think you can go wrong with this car. It looks good without having to stand out and say 'look at me ' i'm a Lexus or a BMW 3 series.  I found that the  price and service was exceptional at McGrath. If you are looking for a great deal talk  to Noble Jones and he will work with you.  
This car combines luxury and smoothness with an aggressive aditude.  The price of the car makes it a value that you can't beat.  The other cars in its class just can't compete.  With the other cars you pay to more money for less car.  I used to sell Dodge's and Chevy's, the Acura is just a nicer car.  Have fun driving yours I will mine.
I bought the car for comfort during my 2 hours of commute every day. If you HAVE to commute, it is so nice to sit in highway traffic isolated from outside noise, in a comfortable, easy-to-adjust seat which can be heated for your aching back, listening to music! I find myself a lot less stressed when I get to work or get home.
I bought the car for comfort during my 2 hours of commute every day. If you HAVE to commute, it is so nice to sit in highway traffic isolated from outside noise, in a comfortable, easy-to-adjust seat which can be heated for your aching back, listening to music! I find myself a lot less stressed when I get to work or get home.
Highly recommended. Fantastic price for the the standard features. Hard to find that kind of interior room available, and the VTEC engine sings. Wish the exterior was a bit more aggressive. Great value for the money. 
The best value for the money, dealers are a 'class-act'.
I recommend the car for anyone who wants upscale refinement, quality, reliability, good fuel economy and value for a reasonable price.
The Acura TL is not an exotic car.  It is not an extremely glamorous or prestigous.  It IS however, a fantastic car which is a lot more prestigous and glamorous than a lot of other cars out there.  In my opinion it is 9/10ths of all of the things that cars can be.  There is a lot of room in that other 1/10th, which is where BMW and Mercedes and all of that other stuff resides, but that does not take away from what an excellent car this is.  So if you are remotely realistic about what you are looking for in car and if you have the modest resources required to purchase a TL, I think it would be very, very difficult to find a reason not to buy this car.
Dollar for Dollar, and overall ptions and performance, NO ONE CAN TOUCH IT!!!
Car has awesome power from the start. Cannot beat the price for the amount of car you get. I got mine in silver and when it is just cleaned it will turn heads. Highly recommend this car. And to the gentleman from Ca in the previous review, how can you write a review from just a test drive??Buy one and then write your review. 
  I paid $28,100 for the car, a fair price. This dealer is the best for service of any I've run into in my 45 years of driving, so I wasn't about to quibble. There is NO CAR I know of that delivers this much at this price, period. As I said earlier, if you need a car this size that's this good, the competition begins with the BMW 5 Series. 
  I paid $28,100 for the car, a fair price. This dealer is the best for service of any I've run into in my 45 years of driving, so I wasn't about to quibble. There is NO CAR I know of that delivers this much at this price, period. As I said earlier, if you need a car this size that's this good, the competition begins with the BMW 5 Series. 
  Why repeat myself? No competition at the price. Stay in the middle class and drive a marvelous machine that won't break. If you're single or married and don't expect kids, you'll have a little more fun in a 323/328 and won't miss the space. Otherwise, wave to the Bimmers and enjoy the TL. Spend the difference on Single Malt and cd's.
I paid $29,000 for my 2001 and my lease payments are 400 a month nothing down.  I would recommend this car to anyone who asks or for that matter anyone who whats to listen.  I can't tell you to much about the car at this point except to go test drive one for yourself and you will love it.
Awesome car! A lot of standard amenities. Very quite ride. Quality everywhere...
This car is GREAT! I had to write a review due to all the bad it receives here. As stated by another reviewer, this is the only site I see a lot of negativity on. I purchased my car as certified and I religiously have it maintenanced. The car has treated me better than some incdividuals I see with newer cars. The dealer is excellent! I get a loaner when maintenanced and the car gets washed. They even replaced my tranny because they did not like the way it looked. Great customer service and followups. I have 87,000 and the car still runs like new and looks new. It is by far the best car I've owned. All the bells and whistles, power and descent look, although I like the 2004-2006 look better. Handles great in all kinds of weather. I would highly recommend this car but if you buy used than I would certainly make sure it was certified. As with any car, you MUST keep the car maintenanced to get the most out of it. I also had a 1998 Acura CL that treated me GREAT! Acura certainly has a reliable product and they have been ranked tops in reliability for years and it shows.
I love my Acura. I would buy another one in a heartbeat. It has never given me any major problems other than having new brakes installed and new lower ball joints at 80K miles. The engine is quiet, fast and it has all the luxury options for an '01 vehicle. When the radio is loud I notice a rattle in the eyeglass compartment overhead. Other than that I have no complaints.
I think Honda have gotten away from tradition on this one. I have had a number of problems, Brakes (44 K Kilometers), Windshield wipers, Seat Belt warning lights. The brakes were fixed after a fight. The other stuff they will only fix if I can prove a problem. They did give me a set of refinished wheels (corrosion). I did receive a notice that the transmission warranty has been extended. I also think the engine lacks torque (this is masked by the slick transmission). Never again. Run dont! walk to your Infinity or Lexus Dealer
I purchased my Acura after doing a ton of research. I loved the suspension because it wasn't very loose and I like the idea of feeling like I am in control. I come from a family of Honda Accord and Civic owners who have been very happy so I thought I would be happy in the Acura. Well, I've come to the conclusion that these car magazines and websited must be on Hondas payroll.
I loved the TL. My cousin's wife got the 2000 without much problems. Me, well it's a different story. There's so many problems but most of all it's the tranny. After about 1 year and less than 20,000 miles, it went (late shifting, over-reving before shifting up, then slamming into gear, slammed so hard the car shaked violently then the TCS turned itself off). It was like a standard tranny with a clutch gone bad. First time I took it to the dealer, told problem was fixed, as soon as I drove away I had to return. Nothing was done. They took had the car for 2 weeks and replaced the tranny, re-surfaced the front rotors due to related serious vibration and brake pulsation. The service dept. is a joke there. They will lie to you so that you must pay for a bad car. Anyway, the worst problem is, even with the new, replaced tranny, the problem is back again after less than a year, again. My lease is up soon, so since Acura sent the 7 yr/100,000 miles extended warranty on the auto tranny and torque converter I guess I'll leave it up to the next poor person who gets it.
I to have had some massive transmission problems as stated in the above articals. I also had my transmission fail (twice)at 65 to 70 mph on the 5 freeway, my only luck was that the cars/trucks behind me were able to avoid hitting me. Cerritos Acura removed and replaced the transmission (no questions asked) back around mid. July. Now 1000   miles later and again the same problem. No warning just alittle slipping and higher revs from the stop, than the ESC light,  Check Engine light and also the 5th gear light started to blink. This all happened within one or two minutes as I entered the freeway. Just as soon I hit the passing gear all HELL broke loose. The car is back at Cerritos Acura for third new transmission.  This transmission design must be addressed before anyone dies. I'm not one to complain about much but this car scares me and my love ones. WE NEED HELP
I purchased my new Acura 3.2 TL w/Navigational system from Miami Acura in Oct. 2000. For the first year and a half, the car ran like a dream. I was very happy with it, until the dreaded Transmission problem occurred. I have just finished having it towed in for a second time to fix my Transmission. The first time they replaced the transmission, we'll see what happens with the second time.   The only redeeming value this car has is the Navigational system, but if the car doesn't run, what's the point. It is a true gamble every time you get in this car and drive. Who knows the next time the tranny will go ... hopefully it won't be on the highway going 70!!!! Stay Away from this car until Acura gets their act together and does a true recall on transmissions!!! Until then ... I will NEVER buy another Acura!!!!!
Interesting. I have been very pleased with this car overall. I have about 36,000 miles on it and over the past 2 weeks, the transmission began to go out - up-and down-shifting awkwardly without warning.  Took it in, and the dealer explained that Acura is having problems with about 1.2% of these cars transmissions. They didn't even 'open it up' - just said they would replace the trannie and give it back to me. Found this review site after trying to see if there was a recall notice I didn't know about -- and found interesting and similar results by others, but no recall? Not sure what to do, have been treated well by dealer so far. Don't know if I should be concerned that it could happpen again or not. These reviews cause me pause....otherwise, it has been a great car.
My 2 year old Acura CL recently had the transmiaaion experience a total meltdown..with no warning. The TCS light suddenly came on, along with the check engine light. Within 5 miles the tranny would not stay in any gear and the car was incapacitated on a busy stretch of highway, out of cell phone range, and with no pull outs.
My 1.5 year old Acura 3.2TL with 32,000 miles experienced intermittent automatic transmission problems. The car would shift into neutral between 1-2 gear and 2-3 gear. This was a dangerous situation especially when making left hand turns across traffic.      When I took in for warranty work I was instructed I first had to get a transmission service before they would consider a warranty issue. $250 later the problem was not fixed. (It felt like a deductible on my insurance)    I took it back in to state that it now needed to be fixed since I had jumped through their hoop. After a 5min test drive they claimed that since they could not get it to fail themselves they would not work on my car. My two choices were: One to leave the car with them and they would sporadically drive it over a few week period and hope it failed with them. Two: I could continue to drive the car with a dangerous transmission until it broke down and stranded me.    I went for the leave the car option. I asked for a loaner car as described in my warranty. They stated that since they could not get the car to fail in their test drive it was not under warranty, and therefore a loaner car could not be given and they directed me to a car rental place. I chose to continue to drive the car since I could not afford a loaner car for a few weeks.    The mechanic sat there with a smirk saying 'were not saying you're lying about the problem, we just will not fix it until we see it is broken'. The attitude expressed was that since the computer said it was not broken and our mechanic didn't experience then there is no problem, unless you prove otherwise. After further discussion they explained that transmissions were expensive to them so they didn't want to replace it unless that was the problem and therefore can't take my work that it is broken.    My only choice was to keep returning to Acura, let them drive my car and hope that it would fail during their test drive.  After many frustrating trips and time off work I finally got the vehicle to fail while they were in it. Once this occurred they said they could now fix the vehicle and ordered a new transmission. They didn't run any more tests. All they did was experienced the same thing I had explained to them. Why didn't they do that in the first place? Answer: We need to experience it ourselves.    I'm very upset that after spending $28,000 on a brand
I really do love my 2001 3.2TL. I was just totally disappointed when my transmission failed after only a 1.5 years of driving!!! After doing alot of research I found out that this is a regular occurance with many of the CL's and TL's of that year. Now, I have a very sour opinion of Acura...which could easily be remedied if they would own up to the problem, fix it and do a recall. But, do you think they are doing that? Nope. I guess they are waiting for people to start dying from automobile accidents after their transmission failed. Thankfully, I was going about 50 mph when mine failed and the car behind me was a safe distance away, because when your wheels suddenly lock up at 50 mph, you're giving the car behind you an open invitation to come right thru your trunk. For now they are replacing my transmission with a new one (of course with the same defect) so my concern is that the warranty will run out and my transmission will fail again!! I sure can't afford to replace my transmission and I shouldn't have to. All those who have had transmission problems or any problems, log onto www.nhtsa.dot.gov/hotline and submit a complaint to the Auto Saftey Hotline. Maybe once alot of people complain to NHTSA, Acura may be forced to fix the transmission...the other alternative is to take out a class action against the manufacturer...
Excellent. Great car with high degree o reliability. Only had 2 minor problems . With our harsh Canadian winter, the gas cap was sticking and the windows chanels were susceptible to freeze up.  Both were easily resolved.
I looked at the TL 1999 and liked it. I however purchased a maxima SE and had nothing but trouble with electrical failures.When the Maxima had 19000 miles on it...GOODBY..and Hello 2001 TL. I would call this car near luxury ...def not luxury. It is very comfortable, has plenty of power and gets up to 27.5 MPG on the highway at high cruising speeds. The handling is adequate although it does handle like a sedan with the 16 ' tires. The stereo does not compare to my Maxima Bose system and I do miss that booming base. However, it is not horrible either. The radio reception leaves something to be desired..problems that Acura does not want to address. I had some seat noise (loose clip) and sunroof noise., Both were fixed under warranty. I feel this car will live up to the honda reputation and would love to see it with 200 thousand miles plus.     Like it so much my wife got a 2001 CL when her lease expired on her 98 CL.
Good performance car for an luxury entry level car but interior could be better.
Has anyone experienced a cold draft coming in around the passengers feet on the 3.2TL??  Dealer checked and found a cold draft on my vehicle.  They took an identical brand new 3.2 out and same result. Dealer has had one other complaint.  Neither Dealer or Acura have a solution!
This car is crap!!!!!!!! Don't buy!!!!!!!!      The car does come with tons of features standard, but don't fall into this trap.
First off, let me comment on the sheer stupidity of some people. The car requires PREMIUM fuel, and if you constantly pump 89 into it, yeah...it is gonna stall, so don't blame the car. A lot of rattles and noises are normal as long as you know why they are doing it. Think, before blaming the car for your OWN inadequacy. ~~Now, I love my Acura TL. IT encompasses too many great things to dismiss it for its few faults. 1. It looks great, especially with the more aggressive headlights and clear tails. 2. It is lower, wider and sits better than an Audi A4, BMW3's, Toyota Camry, or the Regular Accord. That being there, it also corners better.  3.Interior Comfort. Now, this car has more features than most, and it has everything you might possibly need, even things I don't. The only thing I don't have, is navigation, but I got my iPhone which works MUCH better than any other navigation out there. I'd say the only thing I haven't used so far are my heated mirrors...just no need in Florida. The interior is just great, supple leather, all power, climate control and mind you, the heat unlike most cars, starts within 5 minutes of a cold engine. HID's, Sunroof, Bose that sounds awesome, and sportronic, what more could you want? okay...maybe a 5 speed. No comlaints from the interior....oh and all the materials are HIGH quality. What are you people complaining about? You will not find a car these days with real wood trims inside for under $50k that's also newer than 2001. Lexus, Mercedes & BMW all use plastic everywhere as well. I'd say only Jaguar still puts real wood in their cars. 4. Engine & Transmission. Engine sounds sooo great...Whenever I'm about to floor it, I just turn off my stereo, open the sunroof and bask into the sounds of that Vtec. The transmission has worked flawlessly alongside that gorgeous engine, which also runs, so smooth that you can put a glass of water on it, & it's not gonna move or tremble. Maybe mine is the example of what Acura is, unlike some of the horror stories I've read....but I RECOMMEND THIS CAR!! 5. It is fast, I clock it when I am by myself @ 7.5-7.7 seconds which is pretty darn good for a 4400 pound gross weight car. I'd say the only bad thing, is that the paint scratches easier than on other cars I've had. I love it, and if you take care of your baby, it will take care of you. If you don't take care of the things that make your life easier, than they will break on you, and make your life harder. Regular maintenance people....don't forget that. Every car needs it!!
Let me start by saying I fell in love at first sight. I had owned a Toyota Camry for the last 7 years and NEVER had any problems.  The charm of the TL really caught my eye.  I loved all the extras that came with the car. This was the first time I had ever owned a V6 and had been quite impressed with the kick and power the car demonstrated. My husband (a racecar driver) actually enjoyed test driving my TL.  I was on my way to the Toyota dealership and the Acura dealership came first on the Hwy.  I hadn't driven anything else  and saw this car and that was it for me.
Not a bad car to drive, but: 1. The front suspensions was squeaking shamelessly , when I went last spring to Florida (heat and dry ). As soon as I was back in NJ the squeaking is gone. The car had 18,000 miles. 2. A few days ago (the first warm day in NJ this spring)I turned air condition on and no cool air. Made an appointment with Acura service. The rep said I would have to pay $175 for refrigerant if nothing is wrong with Air conditioner.  Since the car is under warranty I will ask to check the clicking sound while turning the steering wheel to the limit on both sides.  3. Today I checked the brakes and rear pads are due for replacement.  The car has 23,000 miles and was driven  very smoothly My last car was 1990 Maxima I drove for 10 years and 190000 miles and it was real worry free car. My wife drives 1998 Maxima (87,000 miles) and I cannot recall any problem yet. Did not charged air conditioner yet and brake pads lasted about 45,000 miles. But you cannot compare these two cars.  The Acura is much faster and powerful car.  
Those of you out there who aren't happy with your Acura TLs, esp. the Type-S, need to take a step back and think about if you really take good care of your car. As a domestic only driver since age 16, I was loyal to a fault. A Ford Explorer changed that. Had a Volkswagen, Lexus, and was actually anti-Honda. I don't go for hype. Went to Acura, salesman told us to go to Mercedes, BMW, Audi, and the others. He told us to drive them and if we liked them better, to buy them. If we liked the Acura better, to come back. Well, we bought the TL in April 2003 and loved it. We bought the CL Type S coupe in May 2003. We then bought the Acura MDX Touring Edition in August 2004. We bought mom a 2005 Accord coupe (since Acura discontinued their mid size coupe) and she loves it.    Here's the deal: Acura is the best kept secret in the import luxury market. But I want to spread the word. We had a Lexus. It's all about the emblem and the need to say you have one. While I give props to them, they have nothing on the Acuras, and the Lexus costs a lot more.    The TL Type-S we have, which has close to 60,000 miles on it for just about 3 years of driving, is amazing. It has not had any repair issues. The transmission recall thing, they checked it, and it was fine. The car is smooth, reliable as hell, and I still get people who literally stop their cars in the middle of traffic to tell me how much they think the car looks great, how they want to know what it is, and how they like it better still than the new models. It's a show-stopper!    Now I service my car religiously at the dealer. Over the years, I learned that if you take care of your car, it will never leave you stranded. The car is a delight, and runs as well as the day we brought it home. We've been thinking about getting a new one to replace it, but when push came to shove, we realized why mess with a good thing? This car has it all, and it will last many more years.    We got into Acura, after a friend who still drives his 1989 Legend Coupe shared how reliable his car has been, and how he thinks nothing of taking off for a trip in it, after all these years. For his retirement, he bought a 2003 TL Type-S just like ours, but he keeps that in for special weekend drives, and still runs around town in his '89 Legend. Another friend has a '92 Legend, he bought used, and it's as smooth and reliable as my car. His other half just bought a new '05 TL, so we'll see what she has to say, in time, but he's just as happy with his '92 as we are with our '03.    Acura has it going on in so many ways. My only wish is that they'd enter the hybrid world. My other wish is that Acura would come out with a convertible.     So if any of you have bad things to say about the TL, you need to really think about how the car has been cared for, and consider that. Acura TL is a fantastically fun car, reliable, stylish, and a great car for the money. Other cars may seem to have more, but you will pay for it. For $35,000 you are getting an amazing driving machine that won't leave you sorry.    Let me
I have just purchased this car 3 weeks ago as certified used. This was, I believe the best alternative to the accord(smiling rear) and camry(frumpy looking). besides if i wanted them with all the bells and whistles, i was looking to pay the same price as a new TL. I only went to the acura dealer for S+G's, just to see what they have. they showed me a used TL '03 with 13K, i knew the gods were smiling. I'm completely satisfied with my purchase. The price I paid includes taxes and everything. This is the only site I hear people complaining about this vehicle, so i posted. Go to edmunds and MSN and all you hear are accolades. i highly recommend giving the used ones a look, especially if you like more bang for the buck.
The best value luxury car on the market.  It is, in many ways, the Ultimate Accord (and I mean no direspect by that!)  It is powerful, comfortable, and quiet; It handles predictably and well; It is stone reliable; It has nearly every amenity a driver could want; It is pleasantly but unambitiously styled (the exterior, that is - I think the interior is nearly perfect in its way).    It oozes quality.  I drove them all, and this is the car.
Bought a preowned 2000 3.2 TL. Fantastic car! Could not have gotten a better car for the dollar. Considered Volvo S70, BMW 3 series, Infiniti I30t, none could match the Acura in terms of value per dollar on power, features, quality, and reliability.
I enjoy driving this car. Very quick. Great to drive on the highway or around town in traffic.
Almost bought a 1999 but chose the 2000 because of the addition of a five speed transmission and side air bags. Glad I did. After two years of driving this car I still enjoy it as much as my first test drive. After about 18 months of driving the internal heating wire under the drivers seat broke resulting in a loss of heated seat. Any problems I've had have been covered by the warranty. Probably will be an expensive car to fix after warranty expires.
Accelerates briskly, yet fairly fuel efficient (though premium grade is recommended); we were swayed in part by impression that it would hold its value better than Maxima would.  Handling is satisfactory; braking is excellent
At the time I bought the car, it was the bang for the buck.  I like the engine and transmission, but suspension system needs some work (the type-S was not available back then in '00). Bodywork is OK, pretty but not striking.  However, it started to rattle quite prematurely.
Very nice car.
Gets great gas mileage.Service has been excellent.The looks of the car is great.  Handles the road extremly well.The ride is very comfortable. It does attract speeding tickets.
I like my Acura TL, However, lately I have started to think that they are not worth the money that you have to pay for them. Mine has only 18,000 miles on it and it already has a lot of rattles in the dash etc. Also the seats, at least in the 2000 Acura TL are made very cheap in my opinion. Mine makes a lot of noise, even after having the seat bottom brackets replaced. Also, I have somehow gotten a tear in the seat back,(not very durable) that is not covered under warrant. The Acura dealer where I bought it, wants $600. to replace the seat back. The tires that came on it, are already worn out also, even though I had an alignment done. The sunroof also had to be repaired. Once opened, it would not settle back in right and made the whole car crack. I probably will not buy another Acura, since this one did not last any longer than any other car and yet cost a lot more money and is much more expensive to maintain
Great Car Initially - Awesome Dealer with a top flight service department. Transmission just went out with typical symptoms and we'll wait and see how it is dealt with. After our dealer experience at Riverside Acura we were planning on buying a second acura in the next year (and maybe even a third) but this transmission problem has given us serious pause. I'm concerned that Honda has not recalled cars with such a pervasive problem - serious loss of credibility here! Before I buy another one I need to be sure Honda will stand behind the product.     I have sworn never to buy another product from one of the Big 3 US automakers - after this I believe I will only buy a car that has not been manufactured or assembles in the US - Period!!
Have the car for 26 months 124000 km first transmision at 8000 km and second at 91000 km lots of rattles 3 sets of front rotors ( vibrations when braking) not verry satisfied . Driver seat has a hole in it ,cheap leather
The left bearing went at 28K, the rotors went at 35K, and the transmission went at 50K. Rattles, squeaks and wind noise around windows are annoying. I wanted a car to last for a long time, but after 2+ years I'm looking for another car (but it probably won't be an Acura).
I've been pleased with the car, however at about 2 years and 4 months and 50,000 miles the transmission started acting up. I took it in to the Acura Dealer at 57,000 miles and they told me that the transmission needed to be replaced. I was over warantee but the dealer graciously said they would fix it for no cost. Thank God! That would have been a $4,000 job. I would not expect something like this from Acura. I have heard from others that they have had similar problems. I would reccomend purchasing the extended waranty for peace of mind. I've always been a Honda and Acura consumer and find this problem very suprising. Like I said I've enjoyed all aspects of the car except for my current transmission problem.
After 18,000 miles the TL has performed well. The ride , handling and acceleration are excellent.Car comes nicely equipped. The vehicle is a pleasure to drive. The service at Acura of Valley Stream is Courteous & Professional. Overall for a vehicle around $30,000 it is a smart buy for the money.
I have found my TL exciting to drive. It's great on the road and around town. Gas miliage is very good. The car is the best value in it's price range.I'll be looking to replace it next year. It's been a fun car to drive for the last 45 K miles.
Good car. Styling, handling, and power are good for the price of this car.
Good car. Handling, styling, and reliability are good. Black paint shows chips on front right fender. Fun to drive with sport shift.
Price is right over all with Navigation System included. Gas costs too much since it takes Premium only.
Great CAR
I have owned the car for three years and 54K. It's a great car to drive. The 225 HP engine really makes it move. The car is very tight after driving it over our local pot holes. Best car I've owned. I feel great everytime I drive it. The car has had only a brake sensor problem and a minor moon roof noise that was taken care of under the warranty
Acura engineering is inadequate. The value-for-the-money business case comes with frustrating shortcuts in workmanship and design.   This is the virtual luxury vehicle with the lacklustre performance to match.  Acura is nothing more than another compromised japaneese product with cheap leather seats.
Firsy of all I just want to say that I am still in love with this car 4 years later. Lease began in January of 2000. I just bought the car out of the lease at 192K! If I had lower kms I would have considered migrating into a 2004 TL. After having driven this car for 4 years the only major replaced was the transmission at @ 150k kms and dealer did that for free as he claimed that there was a recall to a certain extent for this. Of course I was delighted by this as it was at their suggestion that it was replaced at no charge! Overall I have spent very little in maintenance on this car, breaks at 130k kms, and that's about it.
I started out looking for a car priced between $22,000- $30,000. First i tried the 3 series beamer...fun to drive but a little small with a stark interior. i couldnt justify the hefty price tag. Then came a Maxima...also fun,but something was missing..i liked the beamer more than this. Lexus ES300 was a winner and i just about put an offer on one...until at the last second a test drove a TL. It was love at first drive...the perfect combination of fun and luxury. Very pleased and highly recommended.
Excellent car. I've owned several cars & this is by far the best. It's not as plush as American luxury cars, but it surely outperforms them. My wife is so sold on the TL that she plans to but another when she buys another. 5-Star rating.
Highly.  We looked at a few cars in this category, and if you need space, luxury, comfort, refinement, sportiness, a great NAV sytem and tons of standard equipment, there is no other car like it out there at the moment.
Given the price (I paid $26,958 b/4 taxes), I would highly recommend this car.  The fact that everything is standard is a big plus.  
I paid $28,100 w/o tax.  I actually recommend going through the internet.  It can save you $500-1,000 of MSRP (I used Autoweb.com).  To date, I have no regrets about the acquisition of my 2000TL.  I would definitely recommend this automobile.  For the money you pay, you are getting substantially more automobile & features than a ES300, IS, LS, & I30** **(Based on personal research I conducted prior to purchase).
I paid just under retail for this car and traded in my 2.3 CL (didn't quite get what I owed on the car for my trade in).  I pay about $460 a month for my 48-month lease, and left the dealership without paying a penny.I would have really liked the navigation system, if there is someone who can really use it, it's me.  Acura's is the best available, but it just costs too much.  To save the $2,000 I can print directions from Mapquest.As it stands, the base model is an incredible value.  There is not another car out there that can touch the Acura as far as performance and luxury features.  I've driven the five and seven-series BMW's, and the Acura hangs with them as far as the features and performance, yet costs thousands less.  This is the least expensive car I've ever seen that even has Xenon headlamps.  It has every conceivable luxury feature (except for memory seats, which it SHOULD have), even some I couldn't have conceived, such as an automatic day-night rear view mirror and sunglass holders.It is more fun to drive than any car I have ever owned, and it will hold five people in relative comfort.  However, someone in an earlier review posted a concern about lack of front-seat headroom.  This is true, this car has less headroom than any four-door sedan I have ever driven (except for the Diamante with sunroof).  It feels like the seat should adjust down about another 3-5 inches but it bottoms out higher than that.  I am just under 6' 2' so taller people should be very concerned about this issue.The Bose stereo sound is adequate at best.  Even with a subwoofer, I have to turn the bass up in order to hear it.  Same with the treble, the sound is too flat otherwise.  In addition, the reception isn't that great, even with stronger stations.  The stereo on the 2.3 CL I traded in was better than in this car.  Also, there is a tray above the stereo that will hold four CDs.  However, this thing is so complicated that I'll never use it.  It looks as if Acura engineers wanted to use it as a changer, but gave up when it didn't work!The car should have a fold-down rear seat so that I can put my snowboard inside the car.  It has a pass-through for skis, but my board won't fit.  Other luxury brands have this feature.My only other subjective complaint rests with the styling of the car, especially from the rear and side.  While the front is cool and consistent with Acura's other products (the triangle shape), the rest of the car is no more distinctive than any other mid-priced family model.Hope it doesn't sound like I'm too hung up on the negatives, note that I still give the car five stars.  This is my second Acura, and I'm sure it won't be my last.
I love this car.  It really moves- it loves to go fast- so watch out.  The ride is excellent.  My wife does most of the riding in the backseat with our little guy, and she tells me that the ride in the back is really nice.As mentioned, interior is beautiful.  Yeah, so the wood trim might look a bit fake, but you can't have everything I suppose.As for memory seats, you have to make a few compromises I guess, but memory seats are really not that big of a deal when the seats are already power anyway (don't let anyone else drive this baby- problem solved!) -Honestly, you get everything else, heated seats, heated mirrors, power seats for driver & passenger (these are typically manipulative option packages on other cars).  Don't get the NAVI system.  It's not worth the money.  Tried it, it was a nice toy (but for the most part not better than yahoo.   Hey- it did have all of the Acura dealers preprogrammed though).This was my second Acura by the way.  First one was an excellent experience.  When you get to this price bracket+, it  becomes tough making a decision on German or Japanese.  By default, you can't go wrong with a Japanese car.  They may not be quite as up to the Germans in the interior, but you are defintely compromising something then with a German car.  As for Lincoln- the LS, 'Motor Trend Car of the year'- Your commerical with Wood, Leather, etc.  The only thing that is wood is 1/4 of the steering wheel on your upper level LS.  You must have paid Motor Trend off, which is pretty obvious when you sit inside an LS.  Cheap Cheap Cheap.
I just bought this car a few months ago, and I love it!  The engine is extremely quiet, and there's enough power for anything.  The manumatic transmission is very nice, and shifting manually is extremely easy.  The only thing about it is that it won't hold first gear to redline, but the rest of the gears are fine.  The seats are very comfortable, and both front seats are power(8way for driver, 4 for passenger).  The xenon(?) headlights are very bright, and cover a very nice area.  Despite all the good things about the car, I do have my complaints.  I am pretty tall at 6'2', and headroom is pretty scarce.  When I don't wear a hat or gel, i can feel my hair grazing the roof, and I am sometimes forced to push the sunshade back for more room.  My height also makes sitting in the backseat a pretty tight fit.  It should be adequate for most, but for people over 6', it is a bit cramped.Overall, I am beyond pleased with this car.  The amount of standard equipment is extraordinary, and the ride is superb.  I would recommend this car over the Maxima and BMW, it is just a better value.
Had it since March and love it (4,000 miles to date).  Looked at A6 2.7T, Lincoln LS (V8), and 528 (I30 not out when I ordered).  This car is equal or better than all of these and at least $10 less with Navi in Acura and not in others.  Did have to wait almost a month for Dark Emerald Pearl w/ NAvi - but all the better  since it is rare to see the color as well as never seen another w/navi.  Paid $30,200 w/navi (a little off sticker)
This is my first NEW car, picked up for $30K + change with black exterior/parch interior, rear-spoiler, gold emblem, burlwood knob and mats.Ride is awesone, engine very quite and smooth and SportShift is charm.I do agree with John D. with a slight rattle in the dash but I can't pin point it. John, if you do please forward me an email.Also, seatbelt light on the dash keep coming on. Which I plan to get it fixed on my 3700 mi. servicing.
Still love the car, about 5000 miles at this point. Have had a recall already to replace possible fault with seatbelt sensors, which affects dash sensor lights. Dealer/Service personnel have been exceptional to work with. All in all, feel I have received great value with this choice. 27,500 + tax included mud guards,tire well molding, burlwood shift knob and mats. Have been in an arm cast entire time of ownership and can't wait to drive it with two hands!
I would recommend it to people who like the toyota celica,jetta,prelude.
I really do enjoy driving this vehicle. Lots of getup and go to it. I haven't had any of the quality issues that others seem to be having. I'd buy the same car all over again... it's a great vehicle.
I will most certianly buy another when my lease is up on this one, The sport shift is fun and the accessories truly make this car look the way it should. Total price was $32,272.00 with all accessories, tax and licenes fees. Great deal I recommend to anyone, and let's hope that they make a 3.2 TL S-type (everyone write acura)!!!
Price seems to be great. But I have questions about the quality of the work done on this car. Initial impresion was great, but the long term satisfaction is not so good due to the promlems mentioned earlier. Next time, I would look closer to the competion (Lexus LS300, Audi A6, Inifinty I 30)Please contact me if see similar problems and how / if the dealer fixed them. Thanks. Tunctyil@mail.com
I bought this car for the performance, and do feel it is a better value on paper.  (e.g. more power, 5 speeds, 1/4 mile, 0-60, etc.)I bought the car for $28,500 and that included the spoiler and mudguards.  The nav is not worth the cash.  It's about 95% there in terms of technology.I've taken this car back to the dealer 4 times for various noises, and they have yet to be fixed.  Windshield not sealed fully and causes a slight rattle, moonroof squeaks, dash vibrates, etc.  The noises appear to be temperature sensitive.Take a closer look at the I30t... you can deal on the car and get it for the same, if not less, than the TL.  There is also a factory sponsored loaner for any service.
I paid 34,500 for the 3.2 TL in Canada (where the MSRP is 36,000). I also got the rear mud guards, wheel locks and the nose mask included in that price. Normally Acura dealers will not go down in price too much, but I am sure that I got the price break because dealers are trying to clear their 2000 stock.Do I recommend this car? If you want a little luxury, a quiet, firm ride and enough power to kick some butt, all at a reasonable price, this may be the car for you. The 3.2TL is a good combination of quality, luxury, power and handling for its class. It does not excell in any single area (except maybe for the smooth automatic drive and the powerful engine), but it offers a solid product for the price.
This car is the quality product for the best price in today's  auto market. Proof is in the marketplace. This car is in hot demand, and the dealers know it. It is almost impossible to buy except at straight sticker. This when almost everything else is dioscounted, even Lexus. Brokers and buyer services won't respond to inquiries for the TL because they cannot get a break on the price. Even so, it is the bargain and value for the dollar of any luxury offering. Makes MBenz, BMW, Audi, and Volvo look sick. If you want to spend $4-5000 more for a Lexus, yopu can buy almost as good a car.
I think that this vehicle offers high value for the money, especially if you can negotiate a deal well below the sticker price.  I have read of quality control and dealer problems on other web sites.  I have not seen either.  I do not know if others had bad luck or expected more for what they paid.  Bottom line, go to a dealer with a good reputation, be a knowledgable consumer and check the vehicle out well prior to accepting delivery.  Needless to say, this advice applies to any purchase of this amount. 
I like the car, but am not estatic about it.  The bland styling has not grown on me yet. It handles fine but I am not sure that it will provide me with the desire to keep it any longer than 3 years.  
28,000.00 and I would recommend it to anyone
Received $1,100 discount plus muds and mats.  They are starting to deal more now that the CL is scheduled to arrive in the next couple of months.This car is very comfortable and fun to drive.  Every option (other than memory seats) is included.  Sport shift is enjoyable.  You can't beat the price.  Every other equivalent car is at least $4,000 more and is either slower or not as big as the TL.This car is an excellent compromise for those that like a manual transmission but enjoy the convenience of an automatic.  A nice combination of luxury and sportiness.
According to Car&Driver mag, this car takes 208ft to stop from 70MPH to 0. This number is worse than most new Cars And Trucks you can buy on market. What a pity for an otherwise great car. It sure has enough horse power to go fast, but way too weak brake system. Honda should learn something from BMW which always try to match horse power with brake power. Another drawback is they don't bother to put side-impact protection beams on the two rear doors (I could be wrong on this)!!! Family value???
We bought this car to replace my wife's aging-but-reliable '87 Honda Accord.  I also sold my much-loved '86 Porsche 911 to help cover the cost, so I was pretty particular about our selection.  I was very impressed with the TL's value in terms of feature content when compared to the Lexus ES300 and the Volvo S70.  I liked the fact that everything that you might want came standard on the car.I am very particular when it comes to the design of cars, but I have been challenged to find fault with this one.  It is generally very comfortable.  We did encounter a section of Interstate 40 through Arkansas where the expansion joints in the concrete pavement caused a harsh and annoying 'thump.'  The lower seat cushion is a bit unconfortable to my rear on long (> 1 hr.) trips.  This seems to have improved as the seat has broken in a bit.  Power is more than adequate (and very smooth).  The newer Type S has more horsepower, but I suspect that you have to really rev the engine gain any real benefit.  The handling is quite good, despite Consumer Reports opinion otherwise.  The Tiptronic-type transmission is great fun on back roads.  If I could improve two things it would be the seat comfort and the brakes, which are adequate but not outstanding.We drove this car back to back with a V6 Accord, which is a very nice car and can be had for significantly less money.  However, the larger-displacement engine, firmer suspension, better stereo, better warranty, etc. seemed worth the extra cost to us, especially compared to more expensive options.
this is the best car u can get for the money, with all the options it has, u cant get anything else for the same price    i love this car
I absolutely love the smooth drive, it is easy to go too fast.  However, the brakes are problematic.  When my car is not driven for a few days it is likely that the brakes will fail.  My husband and I have both experienced this MAJOR flaw and have had the TL in for repairs three times.  The first service (by Virginia dealership)resulted in a new master cylinder and the subsequent services (by South Carolina dealership)have left the problem unresolved.
I would recommend this car. I do a lot of traveling (6-states)and the Navigation system saves me a ton of time and keeps me from getting lost.  
$30,000 is pretty good for the features in TL
Good car,very fast,luxurious,love the  heated power memory seats. Gas mileage  is not terrific but reasonable if you  keep under 60 miles/hr mark. Handles  like a dream. No problems with brakes  and we have 55,000 kilometers on them.
I heard about the transmission problems but bought this car anyway. I knew they were changing the body style (and raising the price for 2004)so I took the plunge. Always wanted one and so far I am glad I did. I put two coats of wax on it's white diamond pearl finish hoping to avoid the chipping that other's have. Looks great, drives great and even smells great.
Just turned in a 1999 3.2 TL and got a new 2003 3.2 TL. Have put just over 800 miles on it and it is a different car than the '99. Engine seems smoother, ride seems tighter and the 5 speed tranny cranks out just about 2K rpm at 70. Very comfortable and so far very pleased. Looked at 2004 Maxima, wanted close to $500 a month for a lease. I can get a BMW or Mercedes for that. Acura fit and finish is better than Maxima.
Purchased the car in April of 2003.This car is simply the best value for your money. Search the web and you will agree. Buy this car only if you want the absolute bang for the buck. Otherwise, if you can afford another 10 to 13 grand, opt for the BMW 330. This car is a jack of all trades, but a master of none. Performance is excellent in straight acceleration only(freeway on ramp and etc). The car struggles heavily to balance itself during hard cornering. Front wheel drive and skinny tires make it worse. German build quality and handling is by far milestones ahead of Japanese handling. Turning radius is horrible. All Acuras except the RL is made in Ohio and that has compromised the once renowned build quality of Honda/Acura vehicles. My Interior center console simulated wood trim fell out because the adhesive and the metal clips were defective. Rear passenger interior door panel came loose due to missing clips. Moon roof has rattling noise.The RL is made 100% in Japan. Go to any Acura showroom and look at the fit and finish of the RL compared to TL and all other Acura cars and you will discover that the RL is far ahead in quality and craftsmanship. Even Honda knows and will not take any chances when it comes to building their flagship RL sedan and prefers to build it in Japan. The car is great as a daily driver and is marketed toward past and present accord owners. If you are a buyer considering the present S-Type or the Accord V-6 and looking for performance then go with the S-Type. Those of you considering the standard TL or the TL S-Type, get the S-Type. Do not even consider the standard TL(a good car still no doubt). If you absolute must have superb fit and finish quality and performance, look to BMW(Be willing to pay for it though). After its all said and done, the TL S-Type is a great buy, fun to drive and pound for dollar and dollar for pound.
Nothing negitive to say. Great car at a great price. All of the issues people are complaining about can be solved by spending $10,000+ more for a true luxery car. You get a lot for the money from Acura.
Overall excelent highly recommend.  Don't let my weakness list scare you.  for 30K I should expect those weaknesses.  Smooth ride, very fast for it's price.  I like the size much bigger than most competition.  Thought I would like the Sport shift better though, it is almost too smooth.
Unequivocally recommended.  Given my experience and Acura's reputation this car will be eminently reliable, serviceable and enjoyable to drive for many years.  No need to spend upwards of $35K to get what the TL provides.  Absolutely perfect car for a couple or one person businessman who has to drive a great deal.  I drive to New York City regularly, about 400 miles each way, and feel refreshed after each drive.  All systems go!
Also own an Accord, after previously driving mostly GM products. Sorry, GM lovers, but Honda products are a step above in refinement and build quality which is markedly noticable in the driving experience and reliability. Compared Buick, Lexus and BMW and Infiniti. None could touch the features, driving experience and space for the same price. I don't know how they do it, but my wife and I agree that this car is more comfortable on both short and long trips than our heavier, longer, wider LeSabre was; but we do miss the rear leg room when friends are along. No doubt you've guessed by now that I'm chronologically (sp?) blessed (59). You folks aged 50 and above, looking for a nice car in this price range, would love the TL. I understand Acura is adding to the 2002 model some of the features missing from '99-'01 models. Lexus, BMW, Infiniti and Mercedes dealers will not be pleased.
A superbly designed and manufactured automobile. Fit and finish are excellent, controls are intelligently placed, and the interior is nicely appointed and well-designed. The 260 horsepower engine in the Type-S easily outperforms other cars in this class, often for considerably less money. Torque-sensitive steering, Vehicle Stability Assist, electrochromic rearview mirror, 17 inch wheels, heated memory seats, driver and passenger side airbags, foglights, sunroof, leather, CD changer, HID headlights --all are standard equipment.More importantly, the car is a joy to drive. It handles quite well for a mid-size sedan, without any of the strange steering anomalies that I had previously experienced with other front wheel drive cars. This improved handling is, I'm sure, partly due to the standard low-profile Michelin tires and the stiffer suspension of the Type-S model.Overall, the car is an excellent blend of sport and luxury.
I got a deal through carsdirect.com when they first started, so I got $3000 off sticker (when no one was dealing).  I LOVE this car.  This is basically my first/second car, and I plan on keeping it until it dies, which seems like it will be a LONG time.  If you get a year model 2000 or later, GET the DVD navigation, it's amazing.  The 1999 model had a hard drive, which I didn't want.  The gas mileage is about normal, although I usually get between 20-22 mpg in CITY, and anywhere from 26-29 HWY.  Highly recommended if you want a quality car, LOTS of features, and for it to last WAY into the future.  I have about 46000 miles in 2 years, and it runs like the day I got it!  p.s. Love the Xenon headlights, radio controls on steering wheel (a must), and everything about the engine & transmission (both are gorgeous).
Overall a great value for the money.  I looked at all other 'Luxury' vehicles and for the price and all inclusive luxury features - the TL was the best choice.
This car is over a year and a half old and we've already put 34000 miles in it, but it still drives like it did the first day.  There weren't too many of these out on the roads back in 99 but today it would be hard to miss one.  And there is good reason for its popularity.  This car is probably the best value in its class.  The wonderful engine is smooth during everyday driving but can really scream when you feel like putting those 225 horses to use.  The sportshift actually works and can be quite fun.  Note the handling and ride characteristics are leaning towards the sporty side. which means it might ride a little harsh.  If you like smooth and plush, try a lexus, but if you are into performace this car will do fine. The only thing keeping it back is the skinny stock tires, but i guess they'll be fine for most people buying this car.  Another complaint is the styling (or lack of).  This car is plain!  The 2002 models are getting a more agressive face lift but the overal look is still boring.  Overall this is a very good car at a great value.  Its personality stands halfway between luxury(Lexus) and performace(BMW), so it might not satisfy everyone.  Test drive first. 
Love the car and the quality and workmanship you receive for the money can't be met by any other vehicle on the market.
Overall, a great 'near luxury' value. I've owned it for 1 1/2 years (24,000 miles) and have had no mechanical problems.If you're looking for better handling, **definitely** replace the OE tires.  I replaced the original wheels with 17 inchers from a CL-S and added 245/45ZR-17 tires.  The handing and braking went from just OK to very good.  The TL now makes full use of its' well-designed chassis.
I HAD BEEN DRIVING A JETTA WHICH ILOVED,BUT I WANTED TO TREAT MYSELF A LITTLE WITH WHAT I COULD AFFORD. I LOVE MY TL.IT IS ALL THAT IT HAS BEEN CRACKED UP TO BE AND A REAL PLEASURE TO DRIVE.
-I would recommend this car to anyone wanting a reliable, comfortable sedan with great performance:$ ratio.-The Navigation system is only good if you do a lot of travelling.-Hopefully, the newer cars with the 5-speed transmission are better than my 4-speed.
I was a bit biased since I owned an Acura Integra for ten years from 1988 to 98. But my experience with this vehicle has been phenomemal. Absolutely no problems after almost two years and not even any rattles to speak of. You can't help but drive this car fast. Very comfortable with good handling. For the price, much cheaper than the Lexus ES 300 and with more options at the base level. The Lexus felt like an upscale Camry, but the Acura had a unique feel all its own.
1999 TL's were improved with the 2000 model's new transmission. Now even a better overall car.
The Acura overall is disappointing.  I was expecting a sports sedan, but instead the car has turned out to be neither a very good sports sedan nor a very good luxury car. The driver's seat comfort is the worst since a 1981 Chrysler rental I once drove.  I didn't pick up on it during the test drive, but it sure bugs me now.  The brakes and responsiveness of the suspension do not inspire confidence; they can't keep up with the speed the car is capable of.  The headrests are unsafe (too far back in the front seats and too low in the rear seat).  Perhaps Acura listened to focus groups rather than having done the right thing and installing properly designed headrests. The design team that worked on the interior need further experience; they should check out other cars such as the Audi A6 and, yes, the Acura RL.  The service at Oakland Acura is superb; they saved the day when the car had a difficult to diagnose electrical problem (fixed under warranty).
Love my TL and would highly recommend it. A quality car and hard to beat at it's price. The standard Xenon headlights are great when driving on the interstate at night, they make driving at night a pleasure. The TL is fun to drive because of it's powerful acceleration, smooth handling and strong brakes. A great value, it comes fully loaded. The only options are a navigation system and a CD changer. 
I do a lot of research before I buy a car, there was no other car that would measure up to the Acura.  Both the BMW and the Lexus were more money than the Acura, and you had to add a lot of options on the competition, the leather interior was optional on both the Lexus and BMW.  The Lexus was very nice, very luxurious, the BMW is good for performance, but has a 'cheap' looking interior, for $35,000 no less!  When you look at the total package, the Acura 3.2TL was head and shoulders above the competition.
We got a great deal through carOrder.com just before they stopped taking orders for the TL (due to demand).  Our price was $30,333 total, including NAV (well below sticker)  I've heard that due to demand, this is now impossible to do, so I guess I lucked out, but even at sticker, it is a far better value than anything else in it's class.  In fact, when you combine the price with the amenities, there IS nothing else in its class.  If you need four doors, plenty of room, neraly every imaginable luxury feature, and arent' interested in wasting money, this is for you!
I'd buy it again.
this is an excellent car that blends sporty driving and handling with luxury.
Unusual for Japanese vehicles, this car drives more like a German sports sedan, with similar road feel and noise. This is a good thing.Its engine is very smooth, making for a nice quiet purr. Good powerful brakes are easy to modulate.The Solara SLE was a close competitor - similar specs. It impressed me with its sound insulation - you can't hear the engine running!! And its engine is liquid smooth. For long trips, it is preferable to the TL, but the TL is definitely more fun to drive.
I bought 1999 3.2 tl for my wife last november. Compare with my almost brand-new Nissan Maxima, TL has much better acceleration, cornering and handling. I tested Lexas ES 300 when I made purchase decision. ES 300 was bit quieter and  smoother, but TL won on other aspects I mentioned above.  If you are younger than 65, save yourself $4K and go for TL. Value Rating 7*, if I could
(1999 Model) - I recently moved from the East Coast and was not sick of the car after four days and 3,000 miles of driving.  Highly recommended for fun, value, and appearance.
I would strongly recommend this car if you are looking for a luxury sedan.  
With the improvemnts of the 2000 model, I would definitely pick this car over the A4 and the ES because this is a better bargin.A4 and the 2,8 Quattro lacks power and to get the same options that the TL has, you would have to pay at least another couple thousand dollars.The ES300 is a very reliable car and also a very good bargin, but why get a car that is going to change it's style in the near future, then get a new look, with the new technologies. 
I almost think I got a lemon from the factory.  Ever since buying it brand new in 2/99, problems with the car just keep popping up.  The list:  fuel gauge didn't go to full even after filling up, rattling noise in moonroof area, driver side power seat unreliable, small body moulding started to deteriorate.  Most of these problems have since been corrected by the dealer, but they should never have occured in the first place seeing as how this was a brand new car, and an Acura nonetheless.  I got a great deal from the dealer, which partially makes up for the inconveniences.  I would not buy this car again if given the option.  I'd go for the Lexus ES300, which I find to be a much more solid car, both aesthetically and performance-wise.
Paid MSRP with mats and locks included. Highly recommended. Excellent value.
I paid $31,690 with all of my accessories which are Foglights from the Inspire (TL in Japan), the Inspire wood/leather steering wheel, Inspire tail lights (bottom half red and top half clear, blinker and reverse lamp are clear), mudflaps, spoiler, burlwood shift knob, replacement of the fake wood to real burlwood, six disc alpine CD changer, and side fender markers (blinkers that go on the fender) from the Inspire.  Yes, I would definitely recommend this car to anyone in the market for a sporty car with just the touch of luxury. 
I paid $31K for mine.  My payment was around $500.  I now own a 5 series Bimmer and I pay another $200  a month for it. $700 a month for it. Some people think $700 is way too much for a car payment.  Then again some people think $30 a month is too much to pay for  a health club membership. It's all about what's important to you.One last point about the 3 series vs. the 3.2TL..  the 3 series is a MUCH sturdier, ROBUST vehicle even though it is smaller. The Acura is classic HONDA aluminum.  Those airbags aren't going to do you a damn but oif good if you go head on with another vehicle.  Then again, Honda doesn;t make vehicles with safety as a top priority like (eg) BMW, Volvo and Mercedes do. Don't be fooled by the exterior size of the 3 series either.. get to a BMW dealership and DRIVE one before you make up your mind. I KNOW you won't regret it.Apples and oranges..  bratwurst and rice..
After 25000 miles I am still in love with the TL. The car has yet to pay a visit to the shop. I also feel very safe in this car especially after seeing how it held up in a major accident. I was recently rear ended at high speed by a mid-sized Nissan. Given the power of the impact, I had expected the entire rear end to be caved in. To my surpise, there was virtually no damage. (A few scraches which were later removed with car polish.) The front end of the Nissan was a mess and I later learned that the car had been totaled.This car is built like a tank and it screams quality in every respect.
Paid sticker price because car was in extreme demand in May 1999. Never paid sticker for a car except the tl. It's worth it, WAY below similar equipped cars. I would recommend this car. I actually like the four speed transmission when shifting because of the complete control. Side airbags a plus on 2000 models. I've got 48K on it (For Business) with no major problems. 
I've been very disappointed with this car. With just over 60,000 miles, I have spent over $2,000 fixing things that should just not break on a Honda product. The starter went out, a steering linkage broke, the VTEC system is constantly needing attention, the check engine light has come on 3 times-each one needing over $300 to fix.  The car drives nice, but I don't like the driver's position. My wife, who drives it all the time, loves it. Lot's of room.  But I'll be buying a different brand next time.
I purchased this 99 TL at a dealer's auction. So far so good. drives like a dream. Couldn't have gotten a better price, obviously.
Very Disappointed. At first it was a thrill to drive and have. But there were a lot of hidden problems. I purchased my vehicle used from a Acura Dealership in May, 2001. I was not aware of the faulty brakes and rotors. They tend to warp, which requires sanding to make them smooth to avoid a shimmey when you hit the brakes. Well they were sanded twice, pads and rotors replaced once at their expense. Keep in mind this was all within a timespan of less than 2 years. Then in May, 2003 I took it in for a tune up and the shimmey had returned. This time I was told I had to pay for the sanding. Now here we are 3 years out and rotors and brakes are needed front and back. I drove a 92 Nissan Maxima for 9 years and only had one set of brakes and rotors. It is a known fact the Acura brakes/rotors are defective. But we the owners are left with a costly repair. So in 3 1/2 years I have had two sets of rotors and 4 sets of brake pads. It seems my car has developed every 'Recall' problem! A headlamp went out and the first thing out of the service techs mouth was 'That's not suppose to happen they are suppose to last for life' needless to say it was $220 life long lesson. I met all of my service obligations and this car is still costing a fortune. Today's repairs/brakes will cost $1000 and the service tech told me I still need at least $1400. So out of pocket expense for the next 3 months will be $2400. I had my Maxima for 9 years and never spent more than $600 a year on repairs and maintenance. The last six months I had it, I spent $2000 which to me was expected considering I had it so long and was not making a car payment. At that point I was just replacing my clutch. Now I have a 'Recall' about transmission flaws on a car that I've had less than 4 years.
I've had my used TL for about 7 months now and had minor problems so far. I'm very worried after reading about half the reviews here about the transmission on these cars. I haven't had problems and I cross my fingers it won't happen to me.
Just coming off lease on this TL. All in all a pretty reliable car. Brakes werent great, had to have the front rotors recut by Acura at 40,000 miles, wobble. Starting to do it again at 52K miles. Other than that, have had no problem. Wind noise on drivers side is louder than it should be. Fast enough to more than keep up on the highway. Other than oil changes, brakes and tires, no repairs.   Considering getting a 2003 this month (good deals on them now). Had a 95 Maxima, ok, thought it was way cheaper in fit and finish than acura.
I have had my TL for almost4 years now and already reached over 90,000 Km. My TL still rides good. Overall for the price the car is not bad at all just a few minor things.
I PURCHASED MY ACURA TL OCT. OF 2001. I HAVE PUT OVER 40K MILES ON IT WITHIN A YEARS TIME AND IT HAS NOT SKIPPED A BEAT. IT RUNS JUST AS IT RAN WHEN I BROUGHT IT. IT NEVER CEASES TO AMAZE ME.
I have owned this car since Dec of 99. It has been flawless. Powerful, smooth, quiete and reliable. Haven't had any problems with it. You can load this car with 5 adults and a trunk full of gear she still drives and handles perfect.
I traded my 98 Accord for the TL I sell Honda and I would tell customers that the TL was not worth the extra money. I thought I could be equally happy in an Accord. Now that I own a TL I am very glad I made this choice. Every part of the car is a little better when you add them all up it makes the TL a much better car than the accord. It seems like the sum of all the parts is greater than the whole. In also really like the capabilities of the Sport Shift. Sport Shift makes engine braking much better and gives me the ability to come out of corners much harder and makes the quarter mile much more fun. I did regret only having the four speed auto but after hearing all the potential problems with the five speeds I am glad to have it. One thing I do believe is that the transmission thing is being blown way out of proportion. It is a very limited number of cars affected and Honda extended the warranty on cars that weren't even in danger of having a problem so I am sure the ones that are affected are covered.
spacious, powerful and durable. Dealers need to keep some standard. Took the car to Ed Napletons Acura For my Navigation Pin. They said the navigation has to be replaced and it would cost me $3500. I took it to another dealer and he fixed it. It was the wrong pin. When i called back Ed Napleton They said it is not their problem. so if i Spent 3500 replacing the navi it would have been a waste of money. so acura should keep some standards who their dealers are. Ed napleton couldnt find my key either. I had to drive a loaner car .service is very bad.
Bought my TL about 4 months ago, I was looking at a Prelude but for the same price I would have paid for one I got a TL. It had 18,000 mi. Love the car, my only problem is no fog lights. For 20k they could have thrown them in.
Recently bought a 99 TL with Navi from a private seller. It is a silver with black interior. It seems that I have got a very good deal as the dealer will not let go of a similar car for less than 22k. It has around 35K miles on it and under warranty till early 2003. My first pre-owned car. Also my first Japanese (Made in US though) car. Bought it to get a good resale value.    So far so good. But you all know how it is when you buy a pre-owned car. You are always (atleast initially) skeptical about it.    Also I am extremely disappointed with the Radio Reception. Why did they ship the car with such poor audio reception ? I realized it only after I bought the car. I would have driven almost all expensive and non-expensive American cars, but non had that problem. Why integrate the antenna in the rear window glass (duh ?)  Does anybody know how to fix the radio problem. I love to listen to the radio. Can somebody send me an email at jigsboy@yahoo.com and let me know.    Also I am planning to buy extended warranty on this vehicle. Better safe than sorry. Who would you recommend ? I mean an Acura dealer or on-line ? How much should you get it for ?    Also I got confused with the features after test driving so many different cars. I thought this car had memory seats and dual climate control. But I guess not.     But nevertheless, I am happy about the car's loaded features. The Nav system is great. Something different to cheer or feel good about.    So far, I like what I hear about the 3.2 TL. That makes me feel good.     Thanks.
Purchased new in May 1999, it offered plenty of value for the money compared to the competition.  Lots of standard features and plenty of smooth power out of the V6.  However, the first transmission went at 55k, and again at 120k.  Apparently there were some problems with the 4-speed auto in the 99 model year.  I sold it privately recently, as the trade value at 133k was 16-17k, which was more than a 50% drop in value!!  Don''''''''''''''''t be misled by the salespeople at the dealership - this car doesn''''''''''''''''t hold it''''''''''''''''s value as well as an Accord, yet costs much more.
Badly executed front wheel drive. Very heavy steering for such a small car, with little or road feel. Uncomfortable seats. Car is very quiet and has stayed tight. Power is adequate, but isn't in the high performance category.
I have been unhappy with this car because of the gas consumption. I have recenntly spoken with someone else who drives the same car, and he claims that the gas is just as bad on his. So now atleast I know there is nothing wrong with my car. 
So far its GOOD, I work valet Parking, and i have driven all the nice cars (and all not so nice cars) I would definetly say that i'm happy with it for the price.
Researched Lexus ES300, Infinity I30t, Toyota Avalon XLS. The Acura 3.2TL is the most reliable and the best value for the dollar
As fore mentioned, i paid 20,000 and would recommend the 97 3.2TL to anyone who wants luxury at a practical level without all the useless gadgets.  just a good car that handles well, looks good, and will go the distance.
$20,995 + $1200 for extended warranty.  Not as fast as my Comet -- but dosen't require a cool-can or re-fill of a nitrous bottle.  So far, so good...
I paid $21,250 plus tax and license for the premium model with out navigation. I wanted a luxury sport sedan without the price or ostentation of a BMW or Mercedes. This model is exactly what I wanted. The RL or LS 400 were too big and soft for me. This car has a good balance of supple ride and firm feel for the road.Given that the '97 was originally $36,000 the price seemed an excellent value. I like the '97 styling better than the 2000. My perception is that the newer models have been engineered down so as to not compete with the RL and provide a better price competition to the ES 300. I am dissappointed with the way Acura engineered the dual exhausts on the 2000. From the rear you can see an exhaust pipe running from one side to the other. It looks like a last minute change that just hangs out.My one regret is not test driving the ES 300. Although a head to head test by Car and Driver on the '97 model gave a slight edge to the Acura, I should have tested it to be sure.   I am very impressed with the brakes. They are powerful, predictable, and require little foot pressure. Around town handeling is firm, not harsh, and predictable. On the freeway, the car feels as good at high speeds as around town. I pushed it to 120 Mph in a couple of sections and felt no lost of control or shimmy. The car seemed willing to go to the electronically limited speed of 145 with no trouble. I bought this car with 50,000 miles on it. It runs and feels brand new. If you want a luxury sport sedan, without the luxury price, with excellent reliablity, this is an excellent choice.
This car delivers the most bang for the buck when compared to others in its class. The navigation system is easy to use and very helpful. Onstar is great. It loves to cruise at 80+ MPH. Back roads are real fun especially twisty curves! Plenty of gadgets. I hope Honda slaps the 6 speed manual from the CL in there, it really rips!
This car is beatiful, if you want a luxury car that you can get a lot of this is a must have. The car has everything you want and more with the price that won't put a dent in your bank account. I was first going to get a BWM 3 series the same day and I was getting ready to pick it up and i have a feeling in the back of my mind to check Acura so i stopped by acura before i went to pick up the BMW and i didn't leave Acura till 11 at night and i purchased the car that same day. The next day i went to BMW to get my deposit. Acura cares about the driver and their product that was one of the reasons why i choose Acura instead. BWM only cares about their sales and their price is expensive if you want the extras but Acura give you all the extras for free and a little more if you push them a little. They are very flexible with thier prices and their products are durible and long lasting. Their quality and untouched. I already own a Benz C class drove BWM's but nothing compares to an Acura in my eyes. 'Beauty lies in the eye of the beholder'. Make your descision.
This is a handsome looking car although I am beginning to view it as a too boring to look at. This is what Domestic Quality (it used to be made in Japan) is all about, a lot of squeaks and rattles, soft paint, very cheap plastics are abundant. I am very disappointed with this car for the price I paid it should not be so low quality. I will never buy Honda again.
I have a little over 14000 miles on my TL TYpe s and I must say I am very disappointed in this car.I came from a Lincoln LS to this and could not have made a worst decision.While writing this my car is currently at the dealer for numerous repairs. The irony is my decision to lease the acura was based on what I thougt was a very reliable car as it turns out the car STINKS!!!!!! I would not recommend this car or any other Acura to anyone.
Looked at a great many cars in the category (ie Lexus, Audi, Infiniti etc...) and found the Acura 3.2TL to be the best fit for me in terms of value, looks, feel, etc. Now, after only 24,000 KMs my transmission needs to be replaced!!! I was afraid of that one problem (which I knew existed but which I thought I could avoid in a new model-year). The car is in now the shop for up to two weeks and I'm told the 'new' transmission has corrections made to it so as to prevent this serious problem. I'll have to wait and see if that's the case. This, of course, is a BIG downer but I have been totally happy with the car till now and future will tell how my enthusiasm for Acura can be purked up again.
A much better car now than my 97.  If you want a reliable 5 passenger car that is a little on the sporty side, you'll like the 3.2 TL.
Great buy, competes well against any german competitor! Superb honda reliability. Would recommend to anybody looking for a second hand sport luxury sedan at a reasonable price!!
Before I purchased my TL, I tested and reviewed the BMW 3-Series, Audi A4, and VW Passat.  All were nice cars, but not worth the significant price increase.I purchased my TL used (approx 36K miles) for about $20K and have been very pleased with my decision.  None of the other cars I tested added much value for the additional money.The car is powerful and smooth, which make for a fun driving experience.Plus, I have been very pleased with the great service I have received from the Acura dealership where I purchased the car.I highly recommend this car. 
I really enjoy my Acura.  I am always getting looks and questions.  It is black on black. One nice ride :-]
This is by far the worst car I have ever owned. It is worse than the 1990 Corsica I drove for six years. Since purchasing the car I have replaced the battery ($50), ignition switch ($500), alternator ($350), computer ($650), and now I have to replace the harmonic balancer ($275). This is all to make the car run. Still on list of repairs to make so I can enjoy it are: A/C doesn't work (compressor went out) Factory CD player/radio doesn't work (at all) Power locks don't work (keep relocking themselves until battery dies). Plus I have to use mid-grade gasoline, making this the most expensive car I have ever dared to own in my entire life and the worst purchase I have ever, ever made. Do not buy this car. 
My Acura is 10 yrs old and has 100,000 miles, I am still waiting for the 1st thing to go wrong with it! Besides normal maintance, it has been perfect, in fact it still drives and looks like new! It still has the original brakes both front and rear. I get about 25-30 mpg as well, and have had the car up to 137 mph! My point for writing this review is that I think it is amazing that a car can go 10 years with no problems, none. I read the other reviews at this site and so many people have to bring there new cars back within the 1st week for repairs! I did replace the exhaust this yr, but the salesperson told me when I bought it that I would have to have the exhaust replaced in 10 years, besides the scheduled maintance, he said that should be the next time you see us, and he was right! Eat your hearts out domestic car owners, why everyone (Who does not reguire a huge car) does not drive Acura's I'll never know.
My '88 Legend has truly been a testament for the longevity of Honda cars. Original engine, transmission, paint, rims, rotors, etc. In the past year, I've reupholstered the interior with new leather, installed a mp3/ipod deck, and tinted the windows, and an after market alarm. Now that this car is 'modernized' its an even better car. With so many Legends still out there, most of them in sh*t condition, imagine how long mine and others like mine will last when kept in great shape.
Acura TL S-type is everything you would expect it to be - fast (260 hp), reliable (nothing gone wrong in 6 months), stable (particularly at high speeds)  comfortable (drivers seat at least), and affordable (best value in a luxury car).  I also think it is a beautiful design, although this is not shared by other reviewers (in the eyes of the beholder).  The S-type is 'hot' with teenagers, as I found out from my 18 year old son (who is not allowed to drive it, another story).
Power is good. Comfortable & quiet ride. GPS is great. It really helps a lot.
I think at $21K with 26K miles it was a good value. Great transportation with the Honda reliability.
I owned an Acura Integra previously and liked the quality of the car.  In looking for cars in this price range I test drove nothing and dollar for dollar, nothing compared with the Acura.  The design is completely changed from the older model, the performance and handling are great, the sprot shift is a fun way to make a boring drive to work exciting.  I enjoy driving this car every day, and the navigation system ensures I never get lost.
After 13,000 miles with many long trips. There is no single problem.Although It has some weaknesses, but it is highly recommended for those wh can affort it
I have driven this car daily for the last 19 months.  This car is a great commuter car.  This car has good performance and above average handling.  This car should be reliable and give you trouble free service upto and beyond the 100k miles range.However, I am not fond of the front end styling because is creates no distinguished/sylish look.  The hood should be less steep and have more chiseled lines.  Fog lights also would have complemented the look of this car.  The factory wheels could be changed to look bolder. This car was not designed to turn heads...it was designed to attact former Accord/Camry/Taurus owners with a bit more upscale version of the aforementioned vehicles without having to shell out $10-15k extra to get into the BMW525i/Lexus GS.If you want 'sexy,' look into Acua NSX or Porsche 911.  If you want a good, dependable, easy to maintain vehicle for fair value, TL will more than meet your needs.
After more than 20 months and 35,000 miles, I would still buy it.  Newer cars like Lincoln LS, I30, etc. are nice, but Acura is better overall and a bargain to boot.  Here's hoping they make a 2001 3.2TL Type-S.  If it's like the Type-S CL, it would be just perfect because this car would answer most every improvement suggestion above. 
Paid $29,000 + tax and license, etc., which I regard as a bargain. CAR & DRIVER magazine featured the TL vs. 8 or 9 other 'sport sedans' back in about Nov. '99, and it came in number one.
For the money this is a nice entry-level luxury car, nice smooth ride. However, not as sporty as a BMW 3 series or Audi A4. The fake wood is bad, Acura executives take a look at the A4 1.8T with their graphite interior, much better.
The new (2004) TL is coming soon, so this is a good time to get a good deal on a 2003 model - couple of hundred over invoice.  Great car. All of the features you would ever want, enough room and very comfortable. Not a sports car - if you want 'sport' buy a 325, G35 or I guess the type S and be ready to pay approptiate prices and the upkeep. This is more of a 'Touring' Higway car that is very comfortable, will last for a long time and not give you many problems. It accelerates fine, but still has the handling of a front wheel driver - a very good, front wheel driver, probably one of the best there is, but still one. Or as I call it 'souped up Accord' - which is a compliment. I think for 27 grand you get what you pay for and anything else in that class would cost you at least 5k more and cost more to run.  I like the interior
I purchased my 2003 TL in Nov. 2002 and have about 8000 miles on it. I purchased it mainly because of its reliability records, good ride and resale value . I am somewhat disappointed with this car. It just isn't very exciting and has little or no 'pazazz'. This car is an adequate Sport Sedan , but should not be referred to as a LUXURY Sport Sedan. I just cant seem to get confortable in this car. I always feel as though I am 'reaching' for the steering wheel ( it needs a telescoping steering wheel) and my knees feel to close to the dash. the center arm rest should be higher. The TL is a safe chioce, but not very fun. I wish I would have went with the 325i or G35.
The car has been amazing, with great acceleration, sound, everything. The only problem i would have 2 say, is worrying about if the Tranny is going 2 fail. But i doubt it will, since Honda Canada has said that only 2% are affected.
Absolute Best Value in class after serious research. Navi as good as everyone says. Great acceleration throughout rpm range. Complaints about cheap interior are warranted. But superb engine, handling, and electronics trump all. I drove everything else. Infiniti came close, but this car offered best balance of performance & comfort. Zero remorse after 6 months.
I liked the car but it's defenetley not what I expected. Fuel economy is very poor(10-12mpg). Shaking and rattling, I took it to the dealer and he came up with excuses for the poor performance but nothing more than that. The transmission is not great. If anyone has an idea of what to do please post something or e-mail me.
Easily the best value in an entry level luxo sedan. This is my third Acura (this is my seventh Honda built car) and as usual, it is nearly perfect. If it is like the others it will be trouble free. Some other TL owners have complained of rattles in the interior. I found two, one was the cable for the trunk release that you reach thru the trunk pass thru and the other was merely my wire-rimmed glasses in the headliner holder. Otherwise not problems and it got 29 mph on its first fill-up. I can't understand the complaints about the Bose music system. It may not play your hip-hop and rap loud enough to annoy the other drivers but it is the best at playing real music! Others have complained that there is leatherette on some seat areas - check almost any other car with leather (even the real big bucks models) and you will find that its only the seating areas that are genuine leather.
Excellent ride, good power, and all of the amenities are standard.
Yeah! I finally got my first car! Although I got this car for less than a month, I''m very please with the performance. First of all, the power of this car is amazing. I can''t seem to obey the speed limit law, the car just want to go. Nice exterior and interior design although the interior could use a bit of room. The audio is better than i expected. It produces good bass when you set the bass up, but i only use on the 4th level. My favoraite features gotta be the pull out armrest. This is very cool considering you drive on your left and rest your right arm on it. And also the xenon headlights on this thing. Very bright and clear. The wheels are good although i prefer 6 spokes and 18'+ rims. The gas milage on this car is also great. I can go about 200 miles and the guage still 1/6 full. I didnt get the one with navi because it''s two thousand dollars more plus tax. Why bother,just buy a $5 map and hit the road!    Before buying this, my brother and I went to look at the infiniti G-35. Wow! this car is a great car with tremendous power(260 horses). The engine is a bit loud when accelerate but it''s a powerful sport car. The interior is good but in the back is too cramped up even with the adujustable back seat.After we done test driving it, we went to the sales office and talk about the price. The one I want with the premium and winter package is $34000. I asked the salesguy if he can drop it a little. The guy said 'no that''s the final price!' He said Infiniti only want to sell it certain people who can afford it(i''m only 18, the guy prbably think i can''t pay for it.) I was pissed off and left. A few weeks later after I bought my Tl-s, the guy called and said He can sell the one in the showroom for $30000. I was like 'helll no' I got my type s already and its great!
The Acura TL is the best selling car in its class. In fact Acura has had one terrific sales year after another. There is only one reason for this, and that is: BUILD QUALITY!! This is also the reason why IMPORTS in general, are light years ahead of american cars!!    With that said, the TL is SPACEOUS, LUXURIOUS, and has very good pick up!! When on the highway, the interior is a tomb!! You don't hear or feel anything going over all those bumps, and you also forget the car has an engine, because of the noiseless, refined perfection called the 3.2liter sohc engine!! The car has excellent gas milage too! There is a button in this car, for every concievable operation!! AUTO EVERYTHING PEOPLE!!     ON A SIDE NOTE:  I was looking at the infiniti G35, before I purchased my acura. drawn in buy the tv ads, I went to FEILD INFINITI of glenview, IL. THESE PEOPLE WERE TOTAL JERKS!!! THEY IGNORED ME, AND MY MOM, AND SERVED OTHER CUSTOMERS FOR AN HOUR!! FINALLY I WAS FED UP AND WENT INTO A G35 ON DISPLAY, AND STARTED TO PLAY AROUND WITH THE BUTTONS, AND HONK THE HORN(TRYING TO BE OBNOXIOUS) THEN THE SALESMAN APPROACHED ME, AND WE TALKED ABOUT THE CAR. THE WHOLE TIME, THE SLIMEBALL ACTED LIKE I WAS TOO LOW CLASS TO EVEN BE IN HIS STUPID DEALERSHIP!! I LEFT FUSTRAITED AND INFURIATED!!  THEN I WENT TO MC GRATH ACURA, AND WHAT A DIFFERENCE!! THEY TREAT YOU LIKE A HUMAN BEING AND ARE MORE THAN HAPPY TO LET YOU TEST DRIVE THE CARS, OR PLAY WITH THE ONES ON DISPLAY TILL THE COWS COME HOME!! IF YOU WANT AN INFINITI, GET ONE, BUT DON'T GO TO FIELD INFINITI IN GLENVIEW, ILLINOIS!! THEY ARE RETARDED
Just love the power and looks of this car. Have only had the car for four days now and  couldn't believe the 03's were out already.  Comes with many features that are all standard. I'm glad I opted for the Nav system and am still learing how to use it..  Was going to go with the Type S, but my wife complained   too much about the seat belt digging into her hip.  I do wish it had a little more head room for my 6-4 size.  I can adjust the seat to accomodate me, but anyone seating behind me will suffer.
I love the car.  What other car can you receive the gadgets and gizmos for a base price?  My only complaint is with the triptronic shift's automatic shift from first to second, that's where I want the control!
Just purchased it one week ago. I test drove both TL and TL type S. I picked Type S, because it was sporty, had move power.
Solid car with great acceleration, even without the 'S' package. Very quiet and seating very comfortable.  Back seat passengers prefer the Acura over the Maxima.  Great workmanship in and out. Dealership was great to deal with and saved money over Denver dealerships.   Did a lot of homework before I decided on this car.
My first NEW car. Traded in my '97 TL for it. I LOVE this car. Lots more power than my '97 2.5 TL. Very quiet interior. None of the noise Iv'e read in reviews of it's 2002 predessor. Hard to keep this car within the 60/mph speed limit on the highway...she wants to GO!
The interior noises and rattles are ridiculous.  The car has been to the dealer 3 times in 2 months for interior noise problems that just keep coming back.  Save the extra money and buy a Lexus. This is my secons Acura, my 11-year old integra is a great car, my 2002 TL-S a HUGE disappointment.
Great car!  This car is fun to drive with few weaknesses.  It's probably the best value for the $.  I spent a year driving and reading about the competition and it's tough to find a car that gives what the TL-S gives for close to the same money.    I find the stereo ok, not like most of the other reviewers but I guess it's all relative.
I've had this car about 3 months. I test drove the TL and the TL type S. I went with the TL because I prefer a quieter ride and there is a noticable difference. And I felt the regular TL has plenty of power for my needs. I ordered it in the metalic grey with black interior and wood trim. Very pretty. (I felt the black/grey trim pieces looked awfull). The car is quiet with little wind noise and almost no road noise. I think the stereo is slightly above average, but not great. I love the navigation system. I wasn't sure about paying the extra 2 grand, but it is a modern miracle. You cannot get lost with this thing and if you want to go somewhere on the spur of the moment, odds are it will be in the menu. The car is easy to drive, handles well, is very confortable with very good seats. As everyone always mentions, there is nothing out there with all this car has for a similiar amount of money. Throw in the Acura/Honda reliability and it is a tremendous value. Handling is pretty good, although not as crisp as the German cars. Gas milage has been averaging around 24 mpg.I'm very happy with my choice.
Price includes the under body kit.Great performing car.  I just have a few complaints.
Excellent car all the way around.  Reliable, comfortable, strong, fast, responsive, many standard features, wheel/tire/suspension package is awesome, great overall package/value.  You got to test drive this baby to get the full effect of the car.  So get off your rump and haul ass to your nearest Acura dealer.
This car rocks. I bought it for my wife, and this car is more than what she needs. The power is enough to make me smile, but to scare me when she is driving. The car has so many options, its fun as hell to drive
Great car - fantastic feeling driving it - smooth, strong acceleration, fast and fun.  260 HP beat any sedan in that price range and even much more expensive ones.
Best luxury sports sedan in the market! I did a lot of homework before selection the 3.2TL. I test drove many cars including the Lexus ES300, Infinity I30 and Nissan Maxima but after considering the amount of features you get along with the quality, I had to get the TL.  Smooth ride, fast, comfortable and luxurious. I would suggest this car for anyone who is an entry level luxury new car buyer like myself.
I almost purchased a 3.2TL for $28K but decided that the extra power, 17'wheels,  and stability control were worth an extra $2300. Thus far I have not been disappointed with my decision. The power delivery and management with the five speed tip is incredibly smooth. I am amazed at the almost immediate torque and the low RPMs at highway speeds (70mph 2000. The car is not quite as refined as the lexus but is far more fun to drive.  I am looking forward to more driving so I can give a more complete review. I have only put 150 miles on the car and am waiting eagerly for the end of the break-in period.
Great car for money, value pack sedan. Why? is BMW 330 compared to this acura?  to this car, BMW costs sooo much more with less than half of wut acura  has. This car has dragon-bred engine with 260 babies. Seats are more comfy than  Jimmy Hendrick's Bentley. So sporty and beautiful, and quality  and reliable tooo!
Terrific car!  Very fast, very smooth, and a great value.  The stereo could use some more power.
This car compare to its class has almost all options.  Before I purchased the car, I did my homework and found that  (with similar options)  MBenz C320 MSRP $44,000.00 (w/ better engine technology), BMW 330i MSRP $38,500.00  Even Lexus doesn't  have the same engine & HP still more expensive.  Very satisfied with the car and highly recommend to all buyers.   Paid $31,360.00 (w/ MUD GUARD & WHEEL LOCK)
I've had my Type S for over a year now.  I am having the exact same problems as Liaury - driver top rear is leaking wind and right rear deck is vibrating.  Very disappointing aspect for an otherwise perfect vehicle.
I decided to purchase the TL based from Acuras history of Reliability,   Quality and Luxury at an affordable price.  After driving the car now for over 1 year (with 27,000 on the odometer), I am over all pleased with the vehicle.  Even at the base TL level (wish I would have purchased the S-Type) the car can really move. On the highway, I find myself always crusing at 80 mph and when an additional punch to pass a car is needed, it is there! The cabin toys are great (sound system could be better).  If you have an extra $2500, purchase the Navi it is well worth the cash.      My biggest frustration with the car (which in some peoples eyes might seem minior)is the amount of creaks and rattles in the cabin of the vehicle.  The car has been returned to the dealer twice to repair this anoyance and unfortunatly will be brought back a third time because the rattles still pursist.  Coming from Acura, I am really surpised that I am having this problem!
The first 4 months I owned this car I loved it. I liked the 260 horsepower on the freeway. Very quick car. I do alot of driving back and fourth to work so it was an improvement to what I was driving before. Anyway 5 months into this car my transmission needed to be replaced. I talked to the tech. on the side and he told me that the Type S 260 horse powered engine is too much for the transmission. I wish I would have known this before I purchased car!!!!!!!
Great pick up; smooth ride; nice features compared to older version 3.2; Major interference in speakers when using cell phone, also some interference in radio/speakers when other cars in area are using cell phone. Has been reported to ACURA - if you have same experience please call ACURA at 1-800-382-2238 so maybe they will fix the problem.
This review is to help answer all the unique questions I had when I was researching entry level luxury sedans -If you've had a hard time finding answers about about some of the TL's unique features, maybe this will help.  I actually have a 2005 (but review sheet isn't allowing for 2005's yet) As far as I know, the 2005 is basically the same as the 2004. I've been driving an SUV for the past 8 years, but now that my wife is driving the 2004 MDX, I wanted a car to avoid owning two SUVs. We love the MDX, so I decided to buy the TL - now we're a two Acura family.    I love the look of the TL. Mine is the dark gray (anthracite metallic) with quartz interior, with Navigation. I love technology, gadgets, quality and style, so this is the car for me. I have read some consumer reviews about some tech difficulties. I've had none so far and have been very pleased. The Motorola V710 Bluetooth phone has proven to work very well with the TL Handsfree Link. I had to fork out about $400, but well worth it.  I use HFL all the time. You have to pair it each time you remove the phone from the car or when you turn off the engine, but it's way easier than the innitial pairing. I can now do it without looking. Callers have no difficulty hearing even the backseat passengers as if they were talking directly into the phone. It's a great feeling when I'm listening to music and the radio turns itself down to allow for the incoming call ring. All I have to do is push a button,(I recommend waiting about a second) then say 'hello'. I had some difficulties at first with outgoing calls because I thought I had to hold the button in the whole time while giving voice commands. The HFL works best if you push the button, release it, then give your command immediately.     Never wanted XM Radio, but now I'm hooked. I love showing off the DVD surround sound system by playing the demo disk. Hearing is believing - the Steeley Dan song with the instruments to the left and right and the backup singers sounding like their in the back seat - wow!    The navigation system is great and very easy to use. I wish it had Infiniti's birdseye view, but it's still far superior to others. Having the dedicated dvd player for the Nav system is essential. I've been in BMWs and Hummers that didn't have that. Way to go Acura! The voice recognition works really well now that I read the directions and follow the rules.     The TLs interior seems first class to me. Not a Bently, but great for the price. The dash is not molded plastic, but padded. The brushed steel and black carbon fiber style accents are very attractive. I really like the little compartments everywhere, the sliding center arm rest and the deep cup holders. Just wish that the center compartment's power outlet would work with the engine off so I could charge my phone when not in the car. Way cool are the blue lights that shine on the center console at night.    I really like how the car's computer can recognize driver 1 and 2 by the key used. Everything just slides into place.  I know most luxury cars have similar features today, but what sold me was that Acura offers only two basic packages: everything and everything with Navigation. I looked seriously at the Infinity G35 and BMW 3 series.  They all started around the same price, but with Infinitie's and especially BMW's a la carte menus, they ended up costing way more than Acura. Same applied when I bought our MDX.    I really like the exterior design of the TL. In a time where cars seem to come out of a cookie cutter, I think the TL really stand out nice. Without going over the top like let's say, the Infinity FX. I am especially attracted to the back profile and the side lines. I seriosly considering upgrading to chrome wheels, but can't completely justify the expense. I don't like the 20 spoke chrome Acura offers. One option is to have the existing wheels chromed for about $150 each, not including the tempory wheels I would have to find while mine are being worked on for two weeks (all according to estimate). I have had a few positive comments about the look of my TL, which is nice to hear.    I am not a racecar driver, so the comments about the TL's less than perfect handling at high speeds don't really concern me. All I care about is having the ability to accelarate quickly when I really need to and to feel fairly comfortable negotiating turns at a moderately fast speed. I feel the TL acchieves this just fine. As for the front wheel drive, I have to agree that rear wheel would be better. Maybe Acura will listen to everyone's comments and switch to rear wheel drive for the TL's future re-design.    I've had a couple probems so far. Just like another reviewer, I received my TL with a minor ding on the trunk. I didn't notice it for a couple days, but I'm 99% sure I didn't do it. That .1% unsurity kept me from taking the problem to Acura. See below for more problems.
Well, I traded in my 01 TL because I liked the look of the 2004-2007 model. The '01 had 88,000 miles on it and was still running great. The '04 has great power and great looks! It has treated me well up to this point. I do get a little bit of a vibration at certain speeds. I took it in and nothing was wrong. The car has everything! Lots of power and smooth and quiet ride. People are also envious of the hands free. I love my car and I will keep updating the post for this vehicle. Great high intensity lights also on this vehicle.
Driven my 2004 Acura TL for 7 months now and the jury is still out. This car has been hyped big time in all of the leading automobile mags. It does have great looks. I opted for the 17' chrome wheels which adds to the car's already impressive, muscle looks. Nice interior. Happy with the legroom, headroom, etc. Back seat area comfortable and roomy. The DVD surround-audio system is incredible. Haven't yet used the bluetooth cell phone system, but look forward to using when I finally spring for a bluetooth-enabled phone.    Not real happy with the handling. The car is fast...VERY fast. Excellent power. However, it works to the disadvantage of the TL because of front wheel drive and loose steering. The car is floaty and one must keep both hands firmly grasped on the steering wheel in order to keep the car in line. The car floats from left to right and vice versa when pushed off the line. I drove a BMW before, and now finally appreciate its rear-wheel drive performance. I miss rear-wheel drive big-time. Oddly enough, I have never heard or read a similar complaint about the TL. Makes me wonder if my car has a problem (yet another problem). Curious to know if other 2004 Acura TL owners have experienced the same thing.     Many, many problems with the car, especially considering it is new. It has pulled to the right since the day I drove it off the lot new. Dealer has been cooperative with this issue, but so many other problems. Dealer rotated front tires to the rear, which eliminated the pull, but what happens when I'm ready for another 4-tire rotation? Pull may come back. I took ownership of the car with numerous scratches and dings...completely unacceptable for a brand new car. Dealer insenuated that I was responsible for scratches and dings, even though I brought the car back on the very next day after purchase. Needless to say, my new car buying experience didn't start great with my dealer. However, dealer finally relented and repaired the dings/scratches to perfection. The hood's paint was awful. Again, totally unacceptable for a new car. Several areas of 'fogging'. Dealer repainted the hood, but still not perfect. It is better, but not perfect. I wanted perfect considering a new car, but Acura couldn't deliver as such. What to do? The car has leaked transmission fluid since I bought the car. Took the car back to dealer and they made (supposed) repair of the trans case. Still leaks. Took car back for repair (yesterday), and dealer hopes to remedy this time around. Brakes have squeaked for weeks, and Acura says I already need new front breaks...after only 8,000 miles. AND...they won't pay for it. Dealer says I am 'just beyond Acura's grace period for brakes'. What a joke!!! Acura is not going out of their way to satisfy a new driver of their cars. I am used to BMW's 3 year/36,000 free scheduled maintenance. 8,000 miles and my TL needs new breaks...and Acura won't pay for it??? SO...does this car need new brakes every 8,000 miles? Guess so. Ridiculous.     The memory seat function is funky and never quite works. Haven't figured it out yet. Works sometimes, but doesn't most other times.    As I said, the jury is still out because of handling/peformance and to-date repairs. Hoping the next set of tires will alleviate the pull to the right. Hoping the new brakes give me longevity. Hoping Acura finally fixes my transmission leak. If so, I will hang in there with this car. The looks and power alone make the car worth keeping. I have rec'd many compliments about the car's appearance. It is a real looker! Mine is silver and the chrome wheels complete the look. Silver really emphasizes the car's clean lines. The power is incredible. As I said, it is very roomy and comfortable. And, the techno-gadgetry is fun and easy to use. Great cupholders- very deep.    BUT...Acura needs to do a better job (or my dealer does) of delivering the car to a new customer. The amount of dings/scratches in my car was appalling. Bush-league!
4 warranty repairs (trunk latch and alignment the first day, bad Firestone tires, car still pulling to one side) in less than 2 weeks and still a list of things wrong. I still have to take it back. He is a list of things wrong: driver window rattles unless cracked, passenger window sounds like fingernails on a chalkboard when rolled down, Voice Recognition randomly stops working, car pulls to one side after alignment and new tires, steering wheel not straight, center console between seats gets extremly cold when AC is on (causes condensation in storage compartment), headlights not aimed properly, and plastic 'pins' that hold the trunk liner to the inside of deck lid keep popping out. I am thinking of contacting a lawyer.
Test drove a BMW 325i, 330i, Mercedes C230 Kompressor, C240, Infinity G35, Audi A4 1.8T, A4 2.4, Lexus EX 330 and the GS 300, along with the Acura. The only factory option is the voice reconition navigation system, which I got and had dealer install rear wing and wheel locks.    I chose the Acura because it was the best car and the best value for the money. It's the only car to come with a dvd based audio system and and bluetooth technology. The engine produces 270 hp and getting 20 mpg around town and 29 freeway driving which is quite good. 17' wheels and double wishbone suspension for great handling and a comfortable ride. The interior is just beautiful and well done. 8' navigation touch screen which also intergrates the 6 disc cd, cdr,dvd-a changer, XM radio and 7 speakers ( 2 tweeters in dash with a middle speaker, 2 spealers in the door, 2 speakers and 1 subwoofer in the rear deck) fill out the system. There are many more features, but just too many to list.    The Acura TL comes with a new exterior styling which in my opinion is a vast improvement over the older model TL models.    Given all the features, performance, handling, creature comforts and at the price point it is was the best value for the money. Sports car handling and performance and the luxury of some of the best luxury cars, the combination can't be beat.
Honestly, reading all these reviews, I would have originally completely agreed on the performance and handling of this car. However, lately, I have had more problems than I could imagine. This car apparently has historic transmission problems due to a new logic in the triptronics system. In one word, the transmission sucks. I have another friend who has had the transmission changed out 3 times. I only have 18k miles on mine - bought brand new, and the tranmission has already failed. I don't know if anyone else has seen this, but I would be interested at all those that TL's that reach 20k miles that will inevitably have problems. Sorry Acura, Triptronics, or Steptronics is not for you! I am also hearing all kinds of rattling sounds as well. Not something you expect out of a luxury vehicle.
I've had the car for a year now. Still fun to drive, still fast, no serious problem. Besides windshield rubber seal getting unglued on a few small spot, the only gripe I have is about the winter tires. They just don't exist in that size and I had to get smaller, narrower ones, which of course did not fit on the mags. No big deal (for someone who use to drive a Volvo!), I still really like the car.
I have had this car for 3 months now and I love it. I think the best looking car out there in this price range. I looked at a lot of other cars and priced them with all the options on the TL and they where all more expensive by at least 2 grand. You get a great deal for your money. Everybody that has seen it loves it. The only problems I seem to have are. I get some water coming through the seal on the moonroof when it rains but it has a big metal tray that catches it all and lets it drain through the sides. Also after fueling up the car does not start on the first try sometimes. Does anyone else have this problems? Other then that the car is wonderful I would tell anyone looking for a near luxury car to buy it.
I HAVE OWNED 3 HONDA ACCORDS - AND I WANTED A STEP UP - I SIMPLY LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THE CAR. EVERYONE WHO HAS RODE IN IT HAS FOUND IT COMFORTABLE. THE POWER IS JUST INCREDIBLE!    MULLERS WAS A GREAT DEALERSHIP TO WORK WITH.
I purchased this 2002 Acura TL in March 2001. I'm very happy with the purchase, performance and the response from the dealership.  I got the Standard getup with the Navigation System.  I also have a performance chip.  Like many of the reviews, my tranny went out after about 6 months. The dealer took the car in and told us it could be 2 months for a new one. We rented an I35, which was covered by them.  Performance has been good, and outside of the aforementioned issues, there have been no problems.  The Navi is accurate, tires are strong, and I'm getting @ 5.9 0-60. (6.2 before chip)  The Auto is so good, after about 2 months it seemed to do very little to manually shift.  The power is the same as my Mustang GT, but it sounds a bit weaker than the Mustang. 2nd Gear, however kicks in hard and lasts until 70 or so.
2 years, 25K miles only problem was front seat airbag sensor went out; was replaced by dealer with no problem. I've read some other reviews but I haven't had any brake or transmission problems at all. I had a 2000 BMW 3-series---too much $$ for too little HP---BUT the interior of the BMW was much better. Can't complain about the Acura though...I'd rather have the HP than nicer leather and better plastic. However, this is NOT a very good handling car on twisties...its not designed to out corner a BMW or Infiniti. All in all a great sedan for the money.
WOW. I had no idea there are so many other owners out here with defective trannies. I will NEVER buy another Acura again. My transmission crapped out on me when I was on a busy street during rush hour!!!! Stranded for 40 minutes until the tow truck arrived. 9,000 miles on my TLS. It's been a love hate relationship with car when I owned it. Amazing engine, but too many other problems. Rattles and squeaks EVERYWHERE, thin paint, cheap interior ....and of course the transmission. In all fairness though, the transmission while it lasted was awesome. But whats the point if you're paranoid everytime you're behind the wheel. Not knowing when the trannies going to suddenly upshift. Some owner's expereinces are downright nightmarish, shifting into second gear on the freeway at 80 mph. Holy cow. This is a mega lawsuit waiting to happen. Its only a matter of time.
Get me out of this car! I have two young children. Last week as approaching the 605N from the 5 coming home from work, my tires locked up out of no where. All the cars behind me swerved going everywhere to advoid me. I had no idea what was going on, I just tried to control the car, and get to the side. I called my husband from my cell phone and he sent a tow truck. Later we heard this is a common problem. I didn't pay $33,000 to get into a brand-new car with problems. Once this car gets back from the dealer I'm going straight down to get my await Mercedes!
I really have enjoyed the drivability of this car but the automobile has a great many flaws. I thought the transmission dying and shifting to neutral was just my imagination until I read these reviews today. Mine tends to act up more when it is windy and into a headwind. (The tranny shifted out of gear three times over two miles). I am also having squeaking and rattling problems with the dash and doors, the tray above the radio is stuck. The perforated leather has 'Hair' (leather backing) poking through the perforations. The cell phone interference with the radio is a hassle, I just have to set the radio on the passenger seat.
This is my second Honda product. This car has not really given me any major problems like some of these reviews I have read. The Navi works very well...in California. I like to travel. I have traveled across country to North Carolina and back. I have had my TL for 11 mos now and already racked up over 26,800 mi.The bose system sounds good, but could sound better. My TL still rides good on the 19x8 inch rims I put on it. The one problem I can think of mechanically is that I have a slight pull to the right and that was there before the aftermarket wheel package. I took it to the dealer with the original wheels and tires. They aligned it under warranty. They said that the problem was corrected, but to date there is still a slight pull to the right. I was told that it was torque steer causing that. Overall for the price the car is not bad at all just a few minor things.
Car is ok at best. BE AFRAID OF THE DYING TRANNY.     I believe the failure rate of acura's tranny is close to 20%
Good price, but the material in the car reflects the low cost. Not really a great bang for the buck
Good price, but the material in the car reflects the low cost. Not really a great bang for the buck
Very nice car with lots of toys. Gives a very smooth ride, and has lots of power! interior is nice but could use a update, with rounder vents and gadgets. the exterior styling needs a rounder roof with higher lines to bring this car into the future and break it away from a side profile that looks similar to a 1992 thunderbird. Oh yea, get rid of the chrome door handles
Great car for the money! Lots of features come standard and I would recommend opting for the Navigational System which is currently the best in the market.     I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND YOU BUY THIS CAR UNLESS ACURA CORRECTS THE TRANSMISSION FAILURES WITH A RECALL.     CURRENTLY FAILURES HAVE BEEN REPORTED FOR 2000-2003 TL-P AND TL TYPE S MODELS.    BUY A MERCEDES C CLASS.
My 9 month old '02 3.2TL's transmission needed TOTAL replacement at 20,000 miles. Brake pads and Rotors were also found to be faulty at time of repair (Cerritos Acura would only 're-grind' rotors vs. replacing them with new ones). Transmission failed on me and caused me to crash vehicle. I immediately delivered vehicle to Cerritos Acura. While en-route via freeway to Cerritos Acura for repairs, the transmission would slip out of gear and redline. Worse yet, it also dropped into 'park' several times while doing 55mph. This was without a doubt my most terrifying experience in a vehicle...was nearly rear-ended twice on freeway while trying to get to Cerritos Acura for repairs.    Reported incident to NHTSA and hope other owners follow suit. Many similar experiences painted all over internet, including NHTSA's website.
I have owned only Hondas since 1982, so when I decided to purchase a new car, I did my homework and decided to look at and test drive the TL. I Purchased my Noble Green 2002 TL Type-S w/NAVI at Clinton (NJ) Acura in November 2001. They are a great dealership, and they treated my wife and I very well. For a car this size, the fuel mileage, on the highway, is fantastic. On several occasions, I got over 30 mpg (twice I got 33.5 mpg). Mileage varries per brand name (Mobil, Citgo, and Texaco, in my experience, are the best). I now have 12K on it and it has been trouble free.
I love this car, it is the best I have ever owned. It has great power and has been almost maintenance free (except oil changes). The car has a very smooth ride for long or short trips, hard to beat. This car is the BEST value for a luxury car under $35K.
Bought this car for my wife on Valentines Day 2002 and she loves it! Plenty of power and superb ride & handling. We are however very concerned with potential Trasmission problems although @ 18,000 miles we've had no problems.
the acura tl type s is loved by many people that love speed and i am one of them. you get very much for the price
This car is my first sedan vehicle and I couldn't have made a better choice. Not only comfortable and attractive but fun to drive too! Have had no bothersome occurrences. A few minor recall visits to the dealership but Hoehn Acura make the visits seamless and quick. No regrets.
One of the better cars I owned, as a matter of fact the best.  Anyone who complains about this car please buy a Grand Am or Grand Prix and you will see what trouble is like.
Avoid this car! I've been driving mine for over a year and a half...nothing but problems. The transmission needed to be replaced at 12,000 miles. I'm told that EVERY model needs a new transmission (the '02 and '03...I'm waiting on the results of the '04, but I expect the same). Transmission is not only deffective, but DANGEROUS! Mine went out causing me to crash. Cerritos Acura (avoid them too!) only wanted to replace the transmission and not repair the body damage at first. I had to haggle for them to repair the body damage and supply me with a rental car. A/C is not very cold. Bose Stereo is unreliable at best...I'm on my second and will get my third on my next service visit. Paint chips all over front bumper and scratches too easily. My rear view mirror was barely bumped and the housing broke causing the mirror to just dangle. The TL 'wears' too fast...there is a lot of interior 'noise' after 42,000 miles. I bought an Acura because of friends experiences with the Integra...the TL is a complete Lemon. It took me almost 2 years to come up with the down payment for a new car. I wish I'd put that money down on an Infinity, Audi, or C-class. Acura places great emphasis on their 'customer reviews' which the Service Department reminds you of every time you bring your car in for service. When you pick your car up after being serviced, the service dept. asks you to bubble in 'Excellent' on all the questions 'just in case you are sent a survey'. You'll deffinately get one after your purchase as well. Further, Cerritos Acura tells you at the time of purchase that they have 'loaner's' when you bring your car in for service. GOOD LUCK! You have to beg and stroke them for one! Usually, the laoner's are 'all gone'. GET ME OUT OF THIS CAR!
I haven't had this car long enough to make a long term review, but here are my initial impressions since I have driven it for 24+ hours.    Typical Acura feel and quality which is nice. However, it doesn't have that tight solid feel of the Lexus IS300 or the BMW. There is a certain perfection in the way the wheel feels in your hand and the car reacts to driver input with these other cars. I was very surprised that Lexus had figured out how to duplicate that German feel. However, that German feel comes with a price tag and usually high repairs/maintenance costs.    The Type S has great acceleration and Acura has done well with the gearbox, though many reviewers have had problems. For the money, I am not sure you can find a car that offers so much performance, refinement and that wonderful Honda reliability. The Tyoe S is not as common, but I feel based on my limited driving that it is worth the extra money.    I haven't purchased this car yet, but I am very close to doing so. It doesn't run like my 03 vette, but for a four door it boogies. I just wish it had better styling. I would put a body kit on it(no spoiler), lower it about 1', and go with wider wheels and tires. This is a nice ride, but it needs to distinguish itself from the Accord and the Type S should be more agressice than the base model, the 17' wheels don't really change much visually.
HP is nothing without torque, I think Honda is lying about the torque #s, lots of chipping and scratches on poor paint, That black fake wood in the interior has to go. Michelin sidewalls were too weak
Basically this car is good, it has great acceleration, and gas great interior, but the transmission sucks and same as the brakes. The transmission failed at 37,000 KM, and the brakes somedays decide to work, some other days it dosen't work. I had the rotors replaced twice but it still has the same problems. Either than these two issues, everything else has been good. I really like the car alot, and I hope with the new transmission it will work better. I'm putting crossed drilled rotors in it, so I hope it will solve the problems. I drove 1995 Nissan Maxima, and I found it to be a better car, also the g35 is a better car. I would put the Acura in 3rd, first the g35, than the Maxima and finally the Acura. Plus the Maxima and the G35 is faster, more torque to it.
this type S is mint, 17inch wheels, tinted windows, dropped, body kit, pearl blue, tan leather no cracks, 30000km. One of the nicest TL's around.......No problems with transmission I really take care of this ride.
Owned a 1989 Honda Accord EX 250k no problems. Own a 1997 Acura CL 2.2 230k miles runs great. Bought a 2002 Acura TL Type S after a few thousand miles everything started braking. First leather cracked in the back seat Acura replaced. Then middle armrest storage compartment won’t stay closed Acura tried to fix three times still broke. Hard shifting never got better Acura replaced transmission at 6k. Michelin Pilot Tires started failing in the sidewall at 16k and still has half its tread. The Michelin Pilot Tires on these cars are DEFECTIVE replace ASAP!! See Acura-TL.com or The Tire Rack.com for more info about the tires. Bottom line this car is crap don’t buy it.
I thought this was a highly dependable car until the tranny blew at 30K miles. I have a family member who has had major brake problems with their TL. I enjoy driving this car but expect way more for a 'luxury' car. Every time I get in it I wonder about the tranny, since it downshifts hard now. I will still give the car a shot to see how it does, but I am disappointed as I expected to drive this car 200K miles as many other people I know have done with their Acuras and Hondas (I should have kept my '96 Accord with 115K miles!)
WOW! Having owned a 1991 integra GS sedan and still driving my 1990 Legend LS sedan my 3rd Acura TL-S in Silver non-navi is by far the most FUN sedan i've ever owned!  How could I have considered a 4x4?  Great Job Acura R&D!  Always loyal to Acura!
You can't get more car for the money.  This includes everything from standard features to the Type S engine.  The car is larger then I expected and what I am used to, but it handles and is very quick!
Stereo Update:  Regarding my initial post, I would like to clarify my comments on the Bose Stereo system.  I did not articulate my thoughts correctly.    I have discovered that the bass and treble levels have plus and minus indications on the LCD readout.  I did not take this into account in first report.    Again, I think the system sounds just fine.  However, I have the bass set near the middle position and the treble nearly maximized to get, what I perceive, as the best sound.
Overall, this is the best car you can buy for $30k. Gives a firm, yet comfortable ride. I haven't had other folks' experience with a harsh ride - the suspension seems to do a very nice job absorbing bumps without taking away too much road feel.
Just got the car a week ago, so I cannot talk about its reactions when pushed very hard, but first impression is extremely positive. Firm yet smooth ride, precise handling, quiet and well-finished. Yes, the faux-wood looks a bit cheap (in black, which is one of the reason I chose a blue exterior/tan interior model) and the radio is not fantastic, but those are fairly small stuff. I am 6'2' and have no problem with head room.
This car is very fast and very responsive.  Very high level of quality, fit and finish.  Amazing value as every conceivable option is standard, except the nav.  A very high tech car.  Overall design, while not radical, is sporty, mildly aggressive, and pleasing to the eye.  Nice lines.
Whoa, amazing engine, smooth and quiet ride during in the road.Really luxury inside, nice leather,good moonroof,everything seems to be really nice.I like the  v6 225 horsepower engine , strong as an ox.good price when almost everything is well equip.
Love the interior design!  The navigation system should be on everyone's list.  The engine is quite amazing, it's quiet, smooth and FAST!  It was love at first drive.
My Acura TL-S is terrific.  There is not a squeak or a creek anywhere - despite the rather stiff suspension.  As to suspension, it is not as stiff as I have heard some critics say it was.  Actually, it is jsut what I would have expected from a car that is reported to handle as the TL-S does.The engine and the transmission work beatifully together.  The engine is powerful and has a lot of torque.  The 5 speed automatic transmission is geared very nicely and shifts almost as though it knows what you are thinking.I have heard a number of complaints about the Bose Stereo system.  However, I have adjusted the base to the low end of the spectrum and have maximized (almost) the treble.  The stereo sounds terrific in my opinion.  The stereo does, however, sound badly with the bass at the high end and the treble at the low end.This car is a sweatheart!
This is without a doubt the best car I've ever owned!! I could not be more pleased, and if you're thinking about getting one - don't hesitate. The value of this car, what you get for what you pay, is unmatched. Did I mention how fast this car is? Blowing by people on the road means just touching the gas pedal - OUTSTANDING!!! The suspension is firm but not harsh, and transmits input from the road well. The interior is very comfortable, and has some of the best seats I've sat in, but shows where Acura saved some of the money. Sizing is excellent, I'm 6'2' and 230 lbs., and I have room to spare (legs and head both). I can't even think of another car which could compete with the TL in the 30-35K range. Forget BMW or Lexus - BMW could hang performance-wise, but you'll pay 40-45K for the same amenities, same for the lexus but with out the performance. My buddy is still crying from when he compared what he paid to what I paid for what we both got. I believe he will be trading in, in about 2 weeks. The car looks great, is fast, and handles great - Acura did their homework on this car!!
This is probably one of the best cars that I have ever owned, and for the money it is the best car I have ever owned!  The dealer suggested factory authorized Comptech parts; headers, cold air injection, tighter springs, anti-sway bars, monster exhaust.  The car is ridiculous.  No one can believe how much car I got for so little money.  The other day I blew the doors off a Mercedes CLK, the guy couldn't get over it.  The car handles well and did I say fast? The interior is fine, and I am going to install the upgraded wood grain steering wheel and dash trim kit to add some interest.  The dealer was great and I just bought my wife a new MDX from them.  No bugs.  No punch list.  Even my Porsches had a laundry list of bugs for the dealer to fix.  This car is highly recommended.
The car that made me leave BMW after 12 years.
I've had my 2009 Audi A5 for 3 months and continue to be impressed by its handling and performance. I haven't found limits to its cornering abilities, and its acceleration is smooth and fast. The 31 mpg on the highway was a welcome surprise - in town, of course, it's not so great. The interior is fun, from real-time mpg to the soft shade for the tilting sunroof that lets some light in but no glare. The nav system is easy to use; the ipod integration system works well; the Bluetooth phone system is smooth. On the down side, the console is too complicated - it's easy to become a distracted driver as I look for a radio pre-set or turn on my seat heater.
Not a 'old mans car' anymore!
A very good investment. I'm glad I bought it. I traded in my 2005 LaCrosse for this one. Nothing wrong with my old one. I just decided it was time for a new one. Being a Buick, I knew, I was getting quality.
This is by far the nicest vehicle we've ever owned. My husband found a good job, but it is 62 miles one way, and his old pick-up just wasn't getting it at 16-17 miles per gallon. We can't lease due to the miles, and we usually keep them and drive them. We did a lot of research and found that this Buick is the best kept secret!
Had a few of the Asian brands and this Buick beats them hands down
Wow, first of all by looking for 4 months I got a sick price on a car for 30,000 dollars that I beat down a car worth about 3 times that. Mercedes C55 amg. This car drives so nice. Mabey just a little rougher than a BMW and MERCEDES but for half the price or less, well worth the saved dollars. And still faster than most of them.
GR8 CAR! Good navigation system. VG!! has touchscreen which i like. Controls are not complicated as it can be. The Engine in the cts v RULES!!!!! it is the best ever made by Caddy/ Chevy engineers! The stick, that is standard and is the only tranny avalible is the bomb!
I absolutley love the CTS-V it has been the most fun car i have ever owned and i would suggest the car to anybody looking for a fun sporty car that is fast enough to eat up any thing it comes across
Luv car but disappoited & expected more from Cadillac. Happy I decided to Lease the Base model & I do not put a lot of miles on a car. Decided to buy the trim with only the options I will use. Saved a lot of money. With a new car I anticipated only general maintenance.
Do not buy a CTS. Worst car ownership experience of my life. Dealership cannot solve the engine dieing issue and I will probably be stuck with a car that I'm afraid to let my family ride in. This is a major safety issue and GM should just buy the car back. For a $50,000 vehicle it is a complete disaster.
I have been very disappointed in my CTS. I have had it in the shop for a variety of problems 8 times since September 2009 (purchase date) and it needs to go back now. THe problems have been difficulty with acceleration, rattles in the dash, and now the front end has a issue that sounds like a shock and I have only 8000 miles on the vehicle. Do not purchase this car if you have a low tolerance for poor quality. The guys in the service department have been great.
I bought my CTS May 2009 and it has been perfect. No problems at all, I smile every time I drive it. I would definitely buy it again. I would recommend it to everyone.
We ordered an '09 CTS with hopes it would be up to the Cadillac reputation, however we have had problems from day 1, perhaps an updated reputation is needed. It is going back in the shop for the 9th time in 8 months. Cadillac does not stand behind their product. Customer Care has proven to be simply a place to express your concerns, they will call the service department: however will not provide any other relief. Defective brakes, transmission, radio, electronic controls, very distracting wind noise in cabin, windows frost up in the inside, both headlights fog up inside the lens are just a few of the problems we have encountered, all within the first 8 months of ownership. We DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND PURCHASE of this vehicle. If the vehicle you purchase has issues you will be on your own. The red carpet rolled out relating to the service was found to be another GM ploy. We had our sights set on a DTS for this years purchase, however we only need to get hit by a Mack truck once for us to figure out it hurts. We have made a complaint with the Illinois Attorney General's Office against the company and the dealership has come to the point where they do not want the vehicle in their shop anymore because they can not figure out the problems. Cadillac techs do not return their inquiry calls. Please be aware of this in your considerations in manufactures to deal with when buying a new vehicle. Cadillac has lost a long time family customer and several others who have inquired on our satisfaction with our vehicle. It looks beautiful when it is not on the rack, which is not very often. It has been 8 months of total frustration, spending over $40,000 on a vehicle one should reasonably expect the manufacturer to stand behind it. This is not the case with General Motors.
I am convinved CTS stands for Cheap TS. Everything (except body styling) screams cheap. From the flimsy bumpers to the chunky center console. The doors feel thin as cardboard, the 'premium' Bose sound system is marginal at best. Air bag covers near back window deck are falling off. I can go on about the cheapness forever but theres other problems. Two weeks off the lot, Coolant Level Low appeared on DIC. Filled it up, a week later, the same. Took to shop, had to replace exhaust manifold gasket. 60 days later, Engine light lit on dash. Appointment is in two days (thank goodness for bumper to bumper warranty). I DO have some posative points. Nice firm ride, sporty suspension, incredibly attractive body styling.  Owned an STS before this, had major problems, CTS looks like another apple from the same tree. It's no wonder American car mfgr's are laying off workers by the tens of thousands and closing plants. No wonder Japanese anf German auto makers are killing American makers. America's corporate greed dictates make the package pretty, skimp on whatever is behind the shiny paint and under the hood then charge as much as possible for it. My next car will undoubtedly be a Lexus or Mercedes.
Very unhappy with the car.    The engine (according to the dealer) on my 2006 Cadillac CTS makes a continual whining noise when accelerating or at a steady speed above 35 MPH, that the dealer says is normal.     Previously, the dealer told me it was my Differential and replaced it.
Sharp car,wife loves it. The car is noisy and more that six visits to the dealership for different problems. Limited amount of inside storage space. Car has failed to start twice in last six months and the dealership does not have any answers why.Check engine light came on while we were in a funeral procession and the motor felt like it was going to fall out. Left it at the dealership for repair but we are truely disappointed with the car now.The beauty of the car is very pleasing, but the engineering leaves a lot to be desired. We have owned this for 2 years and I am ready to test the lemon law.
I love everything about this car except the seats!
Had this vehicle 15 months moving from a 3 yrold Accord EX 6. Nothing has gone wrong in 14000 miles and car looks as new. Also no creaks or odd noises. I have the sports and the luxury package, with the smoke gray color. Excellent drivers car, great on a longer run with excellent ride and handling and I believe the stabilitrac feature saved me in an enforced sudden lane change at 70 mph, seats are very adjustable and solidly comfy, guages are great but I dont like some of the controls and center console. Engine is somewhat roary under strong acceleration but strong and the pull after the 70 mph limit is amazing, I GUESS ITS THE TIRES BUT DESPITE THE EVEN WEIGHT DISTRIBUTION THE SNOW TRACTION WAS VRY POOR AND SINCE SNOW FILLED THE TYRES THE SNOW BUTTON WAS USELESS, SNOW TIRES ARE OVER A 1000 FOR FOUR ON THAT SIZE TOO, SNOW TIRES HELPED A LOT BUT NOT LIKE A REGULAR FRONT DRIVE CAR IN ALL REALLY AN UNDERRATED CAR, THERE IS A LOT OF GOOD ENGINEERING HERE AND DRIVERS WILL APPRECIATE THIS COMPARED TO THOSE WHO WANT A LUXURY SEAT TO DRIVE TO KEEP UP WITH FASHION.
I LOVE THIS CAR!!!!!!! before buying it i test drove a lincoln ls, a jaguar x-type, and the cadillac cts. obviously i choose the cts. they were all very nice and had their pluses and minuses. i choose the cts mainly because of the exterior styling. the ride was about the same between the three, all very sporty. the V8 ls was the most powerful, but the cts and jaguar still hold their own. of the three the interior looks the coolest in the cts (as in design) but the materials used seem a bit cheap, which is my ONLY semi-complaint. as for reliability, it has been great! no problems what so ever as of yet, and i've owned it for almost a year. it feels very solid! this is by far the coolest looking car on the street. it looks like nothing else out there and i get compliments all the time! next year i plan on getting a year old 2008 CTS...
The 2005 CTS has been an excellent car for me. I have had NO problems or issues; it has not even been back to the dealer in the 15 months I have owned it so far. I had a 2004 CTS before this one, and I think they are wonderful cars.  I added a Corsa cat-back exhaust and a Volant Cold Air Intake, and also recommend both. They are louder, but also added HP. More info at caddyinfo.com.
I read alot of negatives regarding the CTS, but have yet to encounter any. I leased mine approx 1 month ago and have been very pleased.    The even weight distribution is evident during my freeway jaunts to work....especially the on and off ramps! ;-)    The new 255hp V6 is smooth and powerful. I enjoy using the gas pedal in my vehicles and so far haven't felt any lack of power...meaning I wanted more than it had. Forgot how much fun a rear wheel drive can be!    The trans is smooth and feels polished. I have felt an annoying lurching when first started and put in gear quickly, like the high idle affects the trans(?). But it stops within seconds of warming up and never appears again.    And no other car on the road can hold a candle to the styling...Im blown away by the looks. Gives the image of a stealth fighter plane. I love those edges! And the design of the head lights is awesome. Even the engine looks like art.    When I first looked at the engine I chuckled to myself that the engine screams, 'DON'T TOUCH ME!!' With the engine cover and decorative pieces, it is beautiful, but is not inviting to the amateur mechanic! You know they designed it to look great, but you're not supposed to mess with it.    As a past modifier of my vehicles - Taurus SHO V8, VW GTI/VR6, etc... - I have some experience modifying vehicles. So far, I really don't see the need for anything other than maybe some 17 or 18' rims.
Car has 10000 miles and it Shutters/Shakes and Vibrates. So I call it a CTSssv.  Twice to a dealer and THEY AGREE it shakes but no solution. This is typical for any car with a 3.6 engine. This happens at idol and a stop sign.
We have CTS 2004 with Luxury/Sport package, XM radio and Navigation. While it is avery nice vehicle, we are not satisfied with the reliability. Almost every problem we have had, the dealer has been argumenative and non responsive. Now dealer and Cdillac refuse to repair steering noise problem.We will NEVER buy another Cadillac.
I never dreamed I would want a cadillac let alone own one. When the CTS first came out I thought what a sharp looking car....last year we purchased a Cadillac Escalade truck in order to tow a boat we own.......was I ever impressed.  So much so that I really looked into the CTS. I love this car.....I find excuses to run errands.....has every option one could want....handles well and has plaent of pick up and go. I have 5k miles on car and to date have had no problems although after reading all the reviews on this site I may be a little nervous. I sold a BMW to buy this car and have no regrets.....the Ultimate Drivingf Machine was nothing but problems and expensive ones at that.....and I have had 3 Bimmers.  I am so happy with this CTS
The cadilac CTS is one of the more auxhilerating vehicles that I have driven. The 255 hp motor produces exhaust notes that are touching. The car handles like it is on rails for the weight that it has. And braking is just exceptional dry or wet, She will stick. Exterior styling is sexy and sleek especially in the white diamond. The body work flows well and just flat out makes it look fast. Interior styling is great aligator dashboard easy to use electronics, memory seats and mirror, for 2 drivers. Plush firm seats and a wood grain sterring wheel to steer.   As far as this rear wheel drive beauty goes in the snow well it does just fine. The traction control is great and the vehicle even has a winter mode.  As for durability goes the car seems to do well. I runn the car pretty hard at times and she really doesent mind it. with 10,000 miles no problems other than some squeaky brakes.
Excellent car. I bought my CTS in August 2003. I ordered directly from factory fully loaded with everything but the block heater. I also added the wood trim and the billet grill. I have had no problems, not even minor ones and I currently have 12221 miles on it. At this point I am completly satisfied and so far I have had less problems with my CTS than any previous new cars I have owned.
What a great car to drive. 255 HP with a 5 speed Auto and rear wheel drive make the CTS a real performer. It is comfortable, quiet and stylish. It combines it all to be a winner.
Purchased the 330 model with the new 3.3L V6. Ultra smooth and quiet. Transmission shifts are barely noticeable and sometimes I check the tachometer to make sure its still running! Just an outstanding vehicle. Interior is far and away best in its class. Unbeatable head and leg room all around. I have the base stereo, and its still top quality. Dealer has been great to do business with. After reading other reviews about $30K+ lemons from Audi, Mercedes, and domestics, I don't see how anybody could buy anything but Lexus. Simply the best.
Awsome car, no problems. Nimble and comfortable except needs some extra head room for us big guys.Took to a Steely Dan concert a couple of hundred miles away and was stunned.
A hoot to drive. Also practical if you don't need much trunk. Comfortable if maybe a little claustrophobic. Absolutely no problems 7000 miles. Negative reviews here scare me. Mine was built April '03, maybe mine is lemonade. Performance and assembly quality meet/exceed expectations. I have no BMW nor Cadillac experience. This car is a Zeppelin. Color of mine is Cashmere ('Kashmir', get it?)
The car was in the shop longer than it was out. It was in for coolant leaks (4 times), The radio didn't work (the antenna grid was broke in the rear window)The car shook and made rubbing noises, it turned out the front left fender was out of alignment. I eventually called 1800lemonlaw and won my case after Cadillac refused to exchange my car.
I leased my CTS almost a year ago and have had no problems whatsoever. The engine is strong, sounds good, and delivers 26mpg on the highway. The seats (even without adjustable lumbar) are the best I've ever had. The standard sound system is excellent. The combo of the white diamond paint and black interior is sharp! The look of the interior is different, but you get used to it and everything works as it should. The rotary volume control on the steering wheel is the best one out there. Comfortable, stylish, good power and handling, and a good value if you can find a base car like I did (shop around). Everything is standard...(see comments below...)
ENJOY THE CAR VERY MUCH, MINE WAS ONE OF FIRST ONES OUT 2003, MFG DATE 2002, DON'T EVER TAKE THE GOODYEAR EAGLE RADIALS, THEY DON'T LAST 20,000 MILES, WENT THEY GET DOWN ON TREAD THEY ARE VERY NOISY AND MAKE BRAKES FEEL LIKE THEY ARE BAD, REPLACED WITH MICHELIN AND BACK TO LIKE NEW FEELING, HAVE THE OIL CHANGED AND TIRES ROTATED EVEY 3000 MILES CAR RUNS VERY WELL, WHEN SHIFTING FROM DRIVE TO REVERSE IT SEEMS TO TAKE A FEW SECONDS TO ENGAGE NOT CRISP BUT SHIFTS WELL WHEN DRIVING.
ENJOY THE CAR VERY MUCH, MINE WAS ONE OF FIRST ONES OUT 2003, MFG DATE 2002, DON'T EVER TAKE THE GOODYEAR EAGLE RADIALS, THEY DON'T LAST 20,000 MILES, WENT THEY GET DOWN ON TREAD THEY ARE VERY NOISY AND MAKE BRAKES FEEL LIKE THEY ARE BAD, REPLACED WITH MICHELIN AND BACK TO LIKE NEW FEELING, HAVE THE OIL CHANGED AND TIRES ROTATED EVEY 3000 MILES CAR RUNS VERY WELL, WHEN SHIFTING FROM DRIVE TO REVERSE IT SEEMS TO TAKE A FEW SECONDS TO ENGAGE NOT CRISP BUT SHIFTS WELL WHEN DRIVING.
The CTS is my first and last Cadillac! After only 7,000 miles I started having electrical problems! The theft deterrent system would activate and when I put the car in park the key would not release nor would it come back out of park! The module was reset, one of the computers replaced. Still the same problems. It is in the shop again today, after picking it up on yesterday because the dash started smoking!
After owning both a Seville and an STS I am a loyal Cadillac customer. So when the CTS came out I was very excited! However, that excitement was short lived when all the problems started. Sure the car is sleek looking and turns heads. But it can't compensate for the headlights that don't light up anything at night, the steering bolt recall, no rear reading lights for the kids, the extreme air noise at 55 mph (one the dealer insists isn't there!), the wipers that can't clean a windshield even after being replaced or the multiple (3+) water leaks. If I want a colander, I'll buy one at Wal-Mart for $3 not for $40K. And most people riding with me don't enjoy sitting in ankle deep water. Dealer can't seem to fix problems (lack of knowledge or complacency?). I am trying to go through the Cadillac 800 Customer Assistance. Wish me luck... Last Cadillac I'll ever buy.
Good handling. Good looks. Problems with airbag, fuel cap, antilock brake sensors going off all the time.
Wondeful driving car, Bought it with 12k miles on it. Needed the lh front strut replaced and tag/backup light because it took water in. I added a mvs wing that sets it apart from the other cts's on the road. Acceleration & sport shift mode makes it a fun car to drive. The 3.2l V6 makes a bit of noise and you occasionally feel the trans downshift in low speeds. It is a tight car and looks great in blue. The dealership has treated me very well.
Excellent Car!!!! I bought this car brand new over a year ago and now have over 15,000 miles on it with no problems what so ever!!It still drives and handles like a dream.  It is Copper Sunburst in color and still turns heads to this day. This unusual color brings out the complements from complete strangers on a daily basis still over a year later especially at the gas station when I am filling up. Seems everyone just loves this color and the style of the car!!!  I own the 255 Hp 5 speed automatic with the luxury package and it has planty of power for me. I use the sports mode occassionaly and like having that option as well as the 'Snowflake' for adverse weather conditions. The navigation system is awesome along with the Bose stereo system. I'm glad I spent the extra money for this version as I love having the sunroof as well as the other options. Safety measures like Stabiltrac and having 8 air bags is a big plus!! Interior is perfect still.  This car fits my lifestyle to a tee, and is so much fun to drive!!!!! I would highly recommend this vehicle to anyone who asked. I've seen some other reviews here, and must say that it seems like some who have posted have got real lemons on their hands. Not uncommon for any manufacturer. My advice, get GM to take those cars back and don't quit trying till you do, because if what happened to some of you happened to me, my dealership would find this car back on their lot with the keys in it and not one more payment would I make.  My husband and I have purchased several cars from the same dealership I purchased this CTS from so they know we wouldn't put with any problems like the ones experienced here by some. They are the only dealership we will deal with in our area because of the way they conduct themselves and their business. We have done alot of business with them and have referred numerous other people to them. We deal with only one salesman and we have found over the years that this has certainly made a difference in the customer service we attain and in our purchasing of new cars and the deal we strike as to purchase price. Any new car, regardless of the price, should be on the road more than in the shop. Good luck to those with LEMONS!!!
i should have known better than to purchase a brand new model car...however, in 2003 i purchased a 2003 cadillac cts. had 124 miles on it because my local dealership had it shipped in fron the midwest. at 16k miles, started having electrical problems. i drive a lot so it had been around 8 months that this occurred. called dealership. took it in for service. radio was changing stations randomly going down the road and driver controls would not work. replaced radio 7 times - same problems. apparently they couldn't go beyond the radio for a ground connection that might be bad. called cadillac still under 10k and we all know they have a 50k warranty. had it for over 6 months therefore cadillac would do NOTHING. dealership kept referring me to GMC. neadless to say, now i have 154k miles on the car, been dealing with an electrical problem for 6 years and now it neeeds an ENGINE after putting 3400 in it last month. cadillac has received my first and only money it will ever receive. matter of fact, make that GM all together.
What can I say, wonderful car. Turns heads everywhere I go. Great handling and comfortable interior. All these people that did not like the CTS for various reasons, I never experienced those problems with mine. Brakes are a bit squeeky all though a small price to pay for such a sleek 'ride'. If your looking to buy a CTS, do it you will never regret it!!
At 65,000 miles my transmission blew up. Enough said...looking for a lexus.
Since my August 2003 delivery, I have only put about 8000 miles on the CTS. However, every mile has been great fun and trouble-free. I bought the car for its styling, but got much more. Keep in mind, I am not a qualified auto evaluator, but I am impressed with the handling, acceleration (220 HP is plenty!) and interior. It's very unique both inside and out. I can't tell you how many people ask me about the 'nice' car I am driving.   After reading previous reviews, I can only wonder when my honeymoon will be over...hopefully not for years.
Beautiful car. Looked at buying another BMW, which I love, but couldn't resist the styling and futuristic look.    Large number of problems, unfortunately. Car is technically a lemon under Iowa law. Fluid leak required over 2 weeks in the shop to fix. Bad radio. Keyless entry failure. Trunk opens randomly. Mysterious battery drain left car dead in my garage - tow truck had to winch it out of my garage and onto flatbed.
I have had the car over a year and it has been in the shop for 29 days due to engine problems. The first service discovered a head gasket leak. It took about 12 days to repair that. The car then went in and out for 8 days after that repair for oil leaks, engine light coming on, and finally it had to be flat bedded as it was burning oil through the exhaust, what a sight. Just had it in for my second service at a different dealer. I pointed out a loud tapping sound when the engine was cold. Now I find out, the timing belt plus other items are being replaced. If I get it back tomorrow all totaled it would have been in the shop for 29 days. You might want to wait for the V8 given my V6 problems. Have not started the buy back option yet, but I am thinking about it.
What a piece of junk for the money. I have had the car back to service for a front enf oscillation four times. The service department sucks. They basically don't listen and then say they have had a lot of complaints about the steering. At 40 to 55 mph you can feel the steering wheel rapidly oscillate bck and forth. If you are on a new road you can let the wheel go and watch it rapidly oscillate back and forth. GM Cutomer Service is now in the loop. I love it when the service manager took a ride with me, saw the steering wheel oscillating and had the nerve to say well the CTS drives different then other Cadillacs. needless to say GM sure akes their supliers fix issues but when it comes to them having to satisfy the customer they get an 'F'.
I waited several months for this car to come out so I could buy one, I was in love with its exterior design before I even saw one in person. I rushed to buy the one I wanted as soon as it was available (automatic), since then it has been nothing but problems. Ranging from onstar not working, to steering column recall, water leak, driver seat rubbing against center console, airbag light going on/off, console & control panel is peeling, noisy/rattling engine especially when the ac is on (which the dealership said was normal) musty smell in ac, now my ac doesn't work at all, and the most anoying a wind noise that appeared after they fixed the water leak. The two Cadillac dealerships that have worked on it (numerous times) keep telling me they don't hear a noise, it's normal, are you sure you're not being too picky? The nerve, it's my car, I should know, and no I'm not being too picky, I'm paying for it not them! The dealerships aren't being very cooperative, one of them even damaged my car on the last service & now they refuse to fix it. I'm considering hiring an attorney & fighting Cadillac under the lemon law. Can anyone email me & tell me what if any success they have had in legal action against the auto maker, to pmyanez@hotmail.com
Bought my CTS six months ago (Jan/03) and have put just over 3K miles on it. The purchase price above includes the rebate and a generous trade. During the tough winter we had, I found the car responded well to snow and ice conditions. I like the design and lines of the car. I have had only one problem with the car. After a 2 hour drive in a hard rain recently, I found a had a wet floor under and behind the driver's seat. The dealer found that water was entering through the firewall area 'between the FT dash and front compartment outer side of rail'. The dealer resealed and cleaned the interior. The dealer was great to work with and kept me informed each day they had the car (3 days). I find the car roomy for my 6'2' height. Weather stripping under the door windows were discolored by pollen and would not clean but has since cleared up. Great dealership to do business with. There is a Cadillac dealer closer to my home that could use some customer service training. I keep my cars 6-8 years and plan to keep this one for at least that amount of time.
Purchased the car used - 9 months old with 11,000 odd miles on it. Loved the look of the vehicle, find the interior a little 'tight' for me. Vehicle needs more performance and am looking around for a tuner to beef it up.    Had a few problems - trunk / number plate light unit was filling with water.. replaced seal - now ok. Weirdest one though - driverside rear footwell filled with water on long run. Dried it out and found it continued to fill. Dealer stripped interior and traced leak to block air conditioning drain. Next trip.. same problem. Dealer again stripped interior and ran the airconditioning all one day - found leak on condenser housing which was allowing water to drain down between floor pan and emerge beneath drivers seat. Made fix and so far - 1 week later no further leaks noticed. However, whilst interior was stripped out, sombody placed item on rear seat squab - tore leather and badly indended cushion. Dealer has ordered replacement.    At this same time I also complained about the noisy and sloppy drive train / axel ( car is manual with sports package).. Dealer checked and advises need to replace rear axel. On order.. another 3 weeks to go to delivery.    My experience has been generally positive due to the way my local dealer has stood behind the factory warranty.. never complained or try to fob me off.. always reactive and willing to go the extra mile. Always offered a late model demo car if mine was in overnight or longer.    Question - would I purchase another.. probably, if it was the new 8 cylinder version - definately. My car is an early version and would like to think that later models have these problems engineered out by now.
I have had my 2003 CTS (Luxury Package, Automatic & Sunroof) for 17 days. It is presently in the shop for a replacement part on the Onstar System. This worries me, after reading so many other reviews. The car looks great, but I must say that it does have a noisy engine, especially when the air conditioner is on. I have begun to notice that the transmission clunks when you coast to a stop. It seems to also be sluggish when you take it out of reverse or park, and put it into drive. It all just seems less than smooth or not what you would expect from this level of car. As for leaking, I did notice one day some condensation on the plastic part by the seat adjuster. The carpet did look a bit discolored, but I was not sure if it was from water leaking in from a left down window. I am keeping my eye out for any water marks. All in all I love the car, but I do tend to have a cautious feeling with it and I am always on the look-out for any problems.
Disappointingly, water damage to the molding on the windows is something that is going to take a recall to have fixed. There has already been a safety recall on a bolt involving the steering, which could cause the car to lose control. Expections were higher! Sigh.
Love the look,style, the car has everything you could ask for but it always in the dealer getting fixed.My car has been out of service for 149 days and Cadillac still cant fix the steering and the vibration at 40 to 60 mphs.Dealer has replaced steering rack,all 4 tires and rims, driveshaft and anthing they could think of and it still osolates at 40 to 60 mphs.Started Lemon law case with lawyer i want all my money back cant drive car without feeling that its going to fall apart or worse.
Fun to drive & no problems in 4,000 miles. The car truly turn heads & IMO the sexiest lux every made in the US. Front map lights dim, but solved by opening lighted vanity mirrors which are very bright.    You'll get a solid, dramatic-looking, feature rich car for $10-20K less than any Euro - I can't believe anyone would complain about power.
I bought my CTS thinking I would have a cheaper BMW 5-series. Instead, I got a very expensive lemon. In the five thousand miles I drove this car the car has been serviced several times for defects. It has been at the dealership for transmission noises, a defective navigation, a leaking rear differential, a steering shaft recall, and a blown motor. Cadillac did not offer to replace the car or even the motor; instead they chose to repair the defective motor. They had the car for two months and they did not catch the leaking rear differential. Presently, I am attempting to get my money refunded from Cadillac through the lemon law. Cadillac is taking forever and I am probably going to have to go through arbitration to get my money back. Overall, the CTS is a great looking over grown paper weight, not an excellent entry level luxury sports sedan.
When I first saw the CTS at a car show I said to myself “finally, a true sports sedan from the US”. So when they became available in my area I immediately went out and took one for a test drive. I thought it was a little slow but the dealer assured me that it would improve after a thousand miles or so. I liked the styling and the feel of the car so feeling patriotic, I bought a silver automatic for a little more than $41,000. Well, after 10,000 miles it was just as slow as it was when it was new. I went back to the dealer and they checked it out and said it was fine and went on how it wasn’t supposed to be a drag racer. Despite what my dealer said, I thought for sure there was something wrong with my car - it is a sports sedan after all. I was ready to go to GM about it until a co-worker showed me Motor Trend’s Car of the Year article. The fastest they could get to 60 mph in a CTS was 8 seconds! Most of the cars in the test were faster including the 4 cylinder Honda Accord! The handling numbers weren’t any better with the CTS bested in the skid pad and/or slalom by the entire group (except the Lincoln Town Car), which included the Suzuki Aerio and Honda Civic Hybrid! Needless to say, the CTS didn’t win Car of the Year.     Aside from the lack of performance the car still fails to impress me. The styling looks more odd to me the more I look at it - too many lines and creases (The creases on the “D” pillar go in opposite directions!). Also, the paint chips easily, the interior isn’t laid out well and feels cheap, and the seats are uncomfortable on long trips. It only has 20,000 miles on it and I’ve had to bring it back to the dealer several times for silly things like the radio not working, driver’s side window not working, trunk lid and rear door misaligned and leaking, rattles (most of which the dealer hasn’t been able to fix because they claim they can’t hear them), power driver’s seat not working, and some interior trim pieces coming loose. I will probably have to bring it in again soon because the transmission is shifting hard and starting to slip a little. I’ve done all the scheduled service on time and at the Cadillac dealer.     Dealer service is about as good as the car. That is to say, terrible. Every time I go in for repairs or service they act like I’m putting them out and take way too long to do the repairs.    I am extremely disappointed with this car and my Cadillac Dealer. I haven’t looked up the resale value but I am not expecting much. I will probably be stuck with this slow piece of junk for a few more years.     I would only recommend the CTS to a person that likes the style and must buy American but doesn’t need an actual sports sedan. If you want performance you can do better with just about anything else in this category or price range.
A joy to drive, excellent build quality, more than adequate power for all but a racing enthusiast. It's a 'car for a seasons,' single driver, small family, city commuter, cross-country Interstate or byway.
The CTS did not stand up to my expectations at all. The styling is unconventional. There is no doubt that it is different from the cars it competes with in terms of styling. However it is not an aerodynamic car as compared to a Mercedes, BMW or an Audi. The interior is different from the normal American car but the grey colored plastic all around makes it look cheap. The cloth on its roof is also very cheap as compared to the German cars. The engine is horrible and noisy. When asked they say that a sporty engine makes noise. Well it is not a sporty noise. It is a rough noise which gets more evident when the A/C is switched on. It's drivability is very poor. May be the drivability of the Japanese cars are better. The power steering is hard to maneuver. The reason given is that it is a sports type. Actually it is not firm as in the sports cars but is hard like a truck. The Bose system is OK. The wipers makes a lot of sound. It also does not wipe well. The size of the steering wheel is big and does not give the sporty feel as claimed. I cant understand the need of wood on the steering wheel which makes it more difficult and dangereous when one needs to make a sudden turn. The brake pedal makes a squeaky noise right from day one. The color selection available is pathetic. All in all this car will not appeal to an European buyer or anyone who has an engineering sense. It could fool people who would go for its outward appearance only. It is a big dissapointment to me.
I purchased my cts about a year ago because I wanted a head turner. The only turning that's being done is straight to the dealership. I have replaced the power steering pump and thermostat on the car. The fuel line on the car had to be replaced because it would not take gas at the pump. The transmission is rather sluggish, but the dealership says that's typical of the type of transmission in the car. This car means well, but it just doesn't cut it for me. I'm currently looking for another car because I don't want to get stuck with this one.
Great car. Fun to drive. Solidly built.
Exceptional handling and good looks. I love it.
I love the car except that it's headlights are useless at night....poor design. Daytime car only!
So far I couldn't be happier. Got the automatic transmission.
I love the look, the performance is not bad, lots of options, but truthfully i spent alot of money thinking im getting a nice luxury car and i've had more problems than if buying a used car..
Better than my 2003 CTS, better than my 2006 CTS but only because of the direct injection and all wheel drive 
This car is truly amazing. I love everything about it. I have the CTS4 with performance package,AWD 18 whls. performance brakes. The car almost makes you feel guilty with the luxury level. I did my homework and compared it to many vehicles, for the money there was no comparison..sorry. I also spoke to a Cadillac Master Mechanic I know. He told me the car was solid and he has seen nothing like it in his 20 years as a Cadillac mechanic. I know it may be to soon to tell, but so far better than good. If that changes I will be back, some how I doubt I will. At least with any complaints, I hope.
Overall this is an impressive car. In two years there have been no problems and it is excellent in city or on the highway, and in the snow. I have the CTS4 with the direct injection engine and most of the options. I had not looked at GM for years, but this is an excellent vehicle so far.
Real crap! after 1year, had to change breaking system (manufacturer default), rebuilt the engine (they forgot to seal it...) and now the alternator. Also, lot of weird sounds, electronic problems. GM don't wanna do anything. Don't buy this crap. Perfect car when it starts...
Test drove both the BMW5 and 2008 CTS. CTS won hands down. Traded in 2002 5 series. new bmw with I drive, forget it. Handling of CTS was great, first snow with AWD was great. Can not say enough about the car or the dealership. Now I know why it is the CAR of YEAR
The car is well styled. Wheels are easy to keep clean. Smaller outside so I have more room in the garage. Seats are supportive. Fuel economy is improved. Effortless highway speeds, 80 without any fuss!
I have the 5sp....i knew something wasn't right with it...brought it back about 2 days later and ofcourse they tol me itsjust fine....4 months later i bring it in for same thing....and I felt like a surgeon was coming out to tell me the bad news..Your 4 month old car needs a WHOLE NEW TRANS....and thats not even talking about the problem in the past with wet carpet...and still a popping noise from the rear, wheneve its fully stopped and u listen quietly......whats next...DO I HAVE A LEMON....when is enough is enough.
I have the 5sp....i knew something wasn't right with it...brought it back about 2 days later and ofcourse they tol me itsjust fine....4 months later i bring it in for same thing....and I felt like a surgeon was coming out to tell me the bad news..Your 4 month old car needs a WHOLE NEW TRANS....and thats not even talking about the problem in the past with wet carpet...and still a popping noise from the rear, wheneve its fully stopped and u listen quietly......whats next...DO I HAVE A LEMON....when is enough is enough.
I love my CTS... I love the styling (the reason why I bought it in the first place), I love the way it handles (very responsive) and I love the way it drives (it goes!). My wife has a BMW 325 and I drive both, the ride in the CTS is MUCH smoother with the same (if not better pickup).
Wow, found out my Cts has the same engine as my '99Catera. Slick packaging and a new name tricked me this time but never again. Am going to sell this car and take the loss now instead of later. I will never buy a Cadillac again. Same timing belt tensioner, same oil cooler. I need a car that I can rely on to get me somewhere other than back to the dealership. I still can't believe they tricked me again. Anyone want to buy a slightly used CTS, cheap?
This car is not for everyone, the exterior styling is unique and gains attention, and people tend to either love it or hate it. However it is an excellent domestic alternative to BMW, Mercedes, etc at the entry level of luxury.    Many people nitpick this car, comparing it to more expensive benchmarks which I feel is not an apples to apples comparison. For a starting price of around 28k there is a ton of value for the money.    The fit and finish is very good, and I find it very fun to drive. The interior is classy and well thought out, but not on par with a $50,000 BMW - but then again you are not paying $50,000 for this car.    So many people want BMW clones, or it seems if everything does not look like a Toyota it gets downgraded. I think it is cool that Cadillac has broken the mold and come out with something different.    The handling on this car is excellent; the engine and auto transimission are different, however, from the standard American experience. The V6 has a high revving sound that has not been typical on American luxury cars, that are normally more focused on almost zero engine noise, and more emphasis on exhaust sound. Again, this is a different approach with more of a european sound. The 5 speed auto is the same one used in BMW 5 series, and does not behave like your run of the mill 4 speed overdrive auto; it uses engine braking and is much more sophisticated.    The features and functions on this car, for the money, I think are very good. I urge readers to go and take a look at one and test drive it if you are curious, and don't just believe the negative viewpoints that tell you to disregard this car. I was skeptical at first but once I saw one in person, drove it, and got to understand many of the cool features, I really fell in love with it and have been very pleased with my purchase. Trouble free, distinctive, great value and fun to drive.
Thi is an excellant and capable vehicle. It is for all intense purposes a BMW 528i. Exterior styling I've grown to like and an interior that screams European. I've been in in BMW's and Mercedes, and quite frankly, this is on par.This not an M5 or an AMG , yet it competes nicely with a 528i or an E320 in all dimensions and preformance aspects. I found the build quality and comfort to be very good, much better than I expected for an American car.
The car is great. 51k and no problems. I love the cars performance and comfort. I think this is the best Caddy ever.
This crack head above works for GM's main competitors!
My Husband bought me this car fully loaded for a surprise birthday gift, beautiful car but it has been nothing but problems!!! It has left me stranded 2 times and had to be towed back to the dealership, the brakes started making noise and they told me that this was a common problem and ordered new pads and had to wait 3 weeks for them to arrive. Now the brakes make noise when I back up, Not going forward. I called the dealer and was told that some noise was normal??? Not sure what to do now, wish I had not gotten this car, I think its going to cost alot of money in repairs down the road!!!
Worst car I have ever had, first & last Cadillac
Excellent road/city vehicle. Handling is above reproach, especially in emergency situations.
The exterior does not draw attention to the luxury inside.The handling, acceleration and stopping power are awesome.I now find excuses to drive somewhere and look forward to my 35 mile drive to work.I would like to drag race with someone, but I am no longer in high school.
Great used car value! Loaded with options, navigation, smart cruise, heated and cooled seats. Powerful V8, great paint, interior, and style. Car drives well. Great 2 plus 2, would work well in the Canon Ball Run
Can I saw WOW. I have owned the car for about a month and it seems to impress me even more. I have driven m3's m5's and AMG'S, and my m4.5 litre is just as impresive if not better due it's price hp, and ft pounds of torq. Get's more looks to. Due to the random production. People think it has a bentley / concept lincoln continetial look that is definitly making it's way back to the seen of early retro look. There is no bad styling jugement here I just think infiniti is ahead of there game.
Awesome car for the money. Due to its apparent controversial styling, buyers aren't exactly busting down Infiniti showroom doors to get this sled. That leaves value buyers like you and me a great deal. The VQ engine is considered one of the finest V8s in the world and is without a doubt the highlight of this car. Big on the outside, rides like a small vehicle on the inside. Ride is firm and compliant, yet not harsh. Gas consumption is in direct proportion to high performance engine.    When mfgs choose to give us consumers so many cars to pick from, we're forced to come up with reasons to buy or not buy a certain car based on the criteria that are important to us. Here are mine for buying the m45 and passed on the others:     m45 is much less frenetic than a G35 or any of the Acuras... I steered away from the German cars due to all the negative reviews on this site about reliability and maintenance costs. Here in the conforming minded Bay Area-contrary to popular belief; drivers lack the courage to be different. This car gives one many compelling reasons to be different.    I spent a month researching my purchase and am very satisfied with my choice. Had put money down on a Acura TSX but realized that the road roar at 75 mph was realy unbecoming of a sports sedan. Felt the G35 fit and finish reminded me too much of a Nissan Maxima. Looked at the is 300 and felt like an overage speedy racer in a suit. Lexus went overboard with the rear tail light design on this car- reminded me too much of the bald headed teenager down the road in his lowered Civic. For 35k, I don't want to be his peer. Is it me or have the Lexus GSs and LSs and SCs gone gauche? Too much of a status symbol in conflict with the bad economy. Performance is bland and styling not aging gracefully for all these cars.  Didn't even consider a BMW as everyone who owns a house and has an equity line in the Bay Area has a BMW. Mercedes C class and Audi A4s have questionable reliability issue- like BMW- and like BMW-everyone's got one! Ho hum. RX-8 is not a business appropriate car unfortunately. SAAB Aero was the only car I considered next to this one. Totally different car but IMO, one of the few cars left on the road that has a perfect blend of character in its styling, performance and ride. Again, my decision came down to price to features ratio, reliability and fit and finish and the Infiniti's rear wheel drive configuration. JD Powers rating of Infiniti didn;t hurt. I'm also slightly biased in that I owned a g20 back in the mid-90s and was thoroughly impressed with the entire Infiniti experience. I give little weight to the automobile press' reviews as their car values are typically so different than mine but I'm aware they are not high on the m45.
I dumped my Audi 2.7T because I was becoming scared of it's reliability. Having owned several German cars in the immediate past, I was hesitant to go Japanese, because of the possible loss of 'soul'. But the engine convinced me to give this car a try. It is a screamer, and develops more HP than anything Audi has until you reach $70,000+. I do miss the fold down rear seats and huge trunk and rear leg room from the A6. But the quality of the M is readily apparent, and I anticipate many trouble free miles- more than I can say for Audi. For a big car it handles very well, but not quite up to the Germans. Steering is good. Tires are bad. Front seat comfort and design is fairly good, but again not up to Audi, not is the interior design.
this car is awesome!! Best car for the cash on the market! It has comfort, class (despite what 'experts' say) and hp for days!! Looked at new e class and es/gs 300, and they arent even in the ballpark in terms of bang for your buck!!
Good Car. Michelin all season tires are do not work in snow. Dealer has refused to provide snow tires. Has anyone goten Nissan to address this safety issue?
My M45 is awsome. It drives like a larger Benz or Bimmer, but has a more sportier feel. If you are looking at a BMW 5 Series, take a better look at this car! I owned 2 2003 BMW 5 Series, the first was a lemon which I returned, the second gave me all sorts of electrical problems, so I went to my local Infiniti store and tested several cars. I drove a G35 Sports Coupe which was an awsome ride, but too noisy and too street racer.  I am glad I waited, because I saved $9K on my purchase because of huge incentives with Infiniti on this car.
This Car is the best I have driven cars for ove 40 years and this is the best car for the money. If you have 2 or 3 people this is car is the best. If you have 4 try a different car, because this car is cramped.
I love this car, I can't beleive that all of the auto journalist population have disliked even hated this car in there reviews. What a machine, it moves with grace and lots of power, everything you could want in a car in there, power, technology, quality, beauty! and all because it looks different than everything else on the market today. But all people who see say: What is that? It's Beautiful, I have never seen one before! Maybe there hatred of this car is not so bad?
Are you ready. Test drive this rocket. I have always been pleased with the service (have owned one other infiniti) - but, finally Infiniti delivers on what I have been asking for... a comfortable luxury sedan for use in my business- but, when I am alone... it can perform like what you used to dream about as a kid. This is a modern day muscle car with class. Infiniti delivers with this one.
American car reviewers tend to disregard Inifiniti for some reason, unless the body design is as contemporary as the G35 or some adolescent dream car is reincarnated like the Z (a dream I have had once or twice). What I don't get is the constant tendancy for style rather than substance. Many reviewers dislike the M45, but I have to say it is the finest car I have owned, and I've owned luxury US, European, and other Japanese cars.
As good as Audis, BMWs, and Mercedes but with a solid reliability record.     The combination of an extremely advanced 4.5 liter V8 (with lightweight titanium pistons and micro-finished valves) that produces 340HP, 333 torque and the low $36,000 price tag is simply unbeatable.    All you need to do to turn this thing into a BMW 545i beater is replace the wheels, tires and springs to bring up the handling capabilities of this car (this is precisely what I intend to do).    The car is fast as Hell and that engine purrs with the sweetest whisper. Very fast (0-60 at around 6.0 seconds) and extremely effective brakes -- the Eloctronic Brakeforce Distribution (EBD) brings this beast to a standstill in no time flat and with the addition of better tires, the braking distance should be improved yet.
2009 Lincoln MKS from your review made me stop by the dealership and try it out . I was wondering why your reviewer would prefer the looks to the Lexus ES or an expensive Camry. The ES has been hurting my eyes in it's current design . The Lincoln for my taste is a beautifulcar. Much richer looking then the ES.
I had a 2007 MKZ coming off lease so I drove a bunch of cars before making this choice. CTS, G37, VWCC, LaCrosse, were all nice in their way - but the 2010 MKZ (much improved from the 2007) was by the far the most car for the money. Had the vechile 3 months and no problems. Friend bought the CTS and kicks himself everytime he is my car, he has NAV envy. Plus it is a lot quieter and smoother on the road. I tell him the CTS would be better at driving in the mountains at 30 mph over the speed limit but who does that anyway when you ar over 30. Ford's quality is first rate - never took my first MKZ or this car in for any unscheduled maintenance
I bought my MKZ new. I had to order this car because of the color and interior trim that I wanted. It is a blue ink exterior with a sand color interior. I also ordered the THX sound system, chrome wheels, sunroof, HID Headlights and AWD. I have owned this car for 11 months. There have been no issues and I would hope not with a car that's less than one year old. But, it did fail to start at about 6 months old. The dealer said it was my battery and replaced it at no cost. The cars' stereo system is its' strong point. I have owned many cars and none of the sound systems compare to this one. If your thinking of getting a Lincoln, make sure it has the THX sound system. The car is decent on fuel economy. I get close to 25 mpg on the highway. Not bad for AWD. Plus the AWD is proving its self lately. I have been putting it to the test due to the snow we have been getting here in the Norteast. It's very hilly in Pittsburgh and I have not been stuck yet. The interior is very nice and well equipped. Heated and cooled seats come standard and both settings work perfectly. The HID headlights were worth getting, especially when driving in the rain at night. This is a nice car and gets compliments often, especially after I've cleaned it.
Well I'm following up from my previous post with an update. Apparently, FORD/LINCOLN still can't compete with LEXUS like I thought they could. As is typical for American auto makers, the heating element in the passenger's front seat for your rear-end quit working and no longer heats. Likewise, the rear door handles on the interior of the car, one broke, and the other one is going to break. When will these MORONS learn that interior creaks and knobs that break continue to tick-off the American buyer. I will not be buying another LINCOLN because of these problems that shouldn't ever occur.
Excellent, Fantastic Car! The ride is amazing if not unbelievable! Smooth, Quiet, Plenty of pep when needed. I highly recommend the Lincoln Zephyr to anyone thinking about buying this car. I Googled 'Problems with Lincoln Zephyrs', looking for any problems that I could find out about 2006 Lincoln Zephyr. I bought the car in 2009, so I felt certain that after 3 years the internet would have plenty to say about any problems with this make and model. Guess what? You won't find any problems about this car, because there aren't any! Congratulations FORD! You have finally figured it out! Say goodbye to the old 'Ford Pinto' quality that FORD use to build, and say hello to a car that is in my estimation the American equivalent to a Lexus! This car came fully loaded; sunroof, 11 speaker sound system, heated or cooled front bucket seats, GPS Navigation system that is phenomenal! Beautiful leather interior, and extremely comfortable! Memory front bucket seats, remote control, and during the hot summer months, when you press and hold down the unlock key on the remote, it opens the sunroof and both front windows go down to cool the car before you get in. Then you crank the car and press the cool buttons for both front seats and the seats cool down for you. If you haven't test driven the Lincoln Zephyr, PLEASE do so before buying any other car. The car came with 28,000 miles on it, and it has a 50,000 mile warranty! I have done other reviews on this website about other cars that I have owned totally criticizing the manufacturer, so don't think I don't know how to tear into these auto makers. I do! That is why I am writing sooooo much about FORD/LINCOLN getting it right this time. Again, Congratulations FORD!!
Living in the Chicago area I am not a sissy winter driver and have been driving for 47 years without an accident or mishap. I have no fear of driving in the snow but do respect icy road conditions. Since I have had the Town Car I have gone over a curb and almost hit a utility pole, slid thru intersectons and cannot accelerate even slowly from a stop without the vehicle skipping to the left every time in snowy conditions. On snowy road the ABS pumps the brake as it should but the car does not stop...it keeps on going until it reaches pavement and then it doesn't stop until the back end is on pavement...there is no control over the front end. I have developed fear due to lack of control of the vehicle. I am very curious if other Town Car owners are experiencing the same problems. It is not a safe vehicle for bad road conditions and is a most dangerous to drive. I am definately looking for another vehicle.
Have nothing but problems from beginning. Trunk leaks around gasket, air bag light fell itside dash (dealer fixed once and now it is loose again, gas gauge acts up sometimes and most important air conditioner doesn't want to blow out upper vents, blows on feet all time and eventually after 5- 8 miles you can get it to blow out upper vents. Had it into dealer over 8 times. They say they have changed blender motors and control motor but it still acts up. Since it doesn't do it all the time, the dealer says it is hard to find problem. I have owned another Lincoln Town Car and Mercury Marquis and was very satisfied.
Don't buy this car if you are not over 40 or a taxi driver. This car just makes you old. I am 28 and now I regret.
I have always felt safe and comfortable in these cars and also enjoy the look. I have been in some accidents (car versus deer and high speed exit of the road backward---while trying to execute a 180 after avoiding a dog!!! The traction override foiled my attempt however, as I can succeed at an occasional reverse turn, should the need arise). I also enjoy the ride, sound system, climate control and V8.
This is my third Town Car, and the best I've had. In three years I've driven it 26,000 miles. The fuel pump was replaced at 15,000 miles (under warranty). The ride, handling and styling of this car are excellent. It handles better in the snow than many front wheel drive vehicles, and I've never gotten stuck in it.
What can I say? I am absolutely in love with this car! You can't ask for much more than this American classic. While it's not quite as technologically well-endowed as some other luxury sedans, it more than makes up for it in luxurious comfort, unbelievable reliability and commanding looks all without coming near the astronomical price of an import. The powerful 4.6L V8 provides for smooth, nearly silent operation in regular driving with more than ample power for confidence in high traffic/passing scenarios. The updated traction control does a great job of limiting slip and is remarkably responsive to all driving conditions. All that while maintaining a respectable 17/25 mpg fuel economy. Climate control is fairly quiet and very efficient, optional heated seats and heated mirrors work great on those snowy days. Keypad entry on the driver's side door is a complete life saver if you ever lock your keys in the car. Memory seats and adjustable pedals always guarantee I'll get in and it'll be right where I like it. =P All user controls are extremely easy to understand and navigate. The built in digital display has the capability of showing current fuel economy and digital compass (VERY USEFUL) among other things. At the end of the day, this is about as low maintenance a vehicle you will ever find. It's a plush, soft leather couch with wood accents, all wrapped in chrome atop a smooth yet powerful V8 chassis. What more could you want? Lincoln has certainly won my future business. Did I mention I LOVE THIS CAR?!? =P
Fantastic car. 3 years and not a single flaw, no warrantee has been used. Love the ultra smooth ride, the improved suspension (Watts) and the luxury features, such as driver programmable delay headlights, power close from fully opened posistion trunk lid, combo cassette & single slot in dash CD and 6 Disc CD auto changer in trunk, driver & passengerpower lumbar seat cushions & back rests, power Moonroof and exit doorway enlarger seat with dual memories and the errie super quiet squeek-free interior. I've had 2 prior Lincolns and one Caddy Fleetwood. THIS car is a footbal field in length beyond those 3 cars.
54,000 miles and spark plug left head; parts and pieces in engine. No previous engine problems, anyone else suffered this kind of damage?
all I can say is WOW! a true luxury car, inside & out! everything is made very solid on this car. very quiet and luxury smooth. no cheap plastic parts inside like previous cars I've owned.   I bought the car w/ 90,000k and it now has 118,000k and have had no problems whatsoever!   TO SAY I'M VERY PLEASED WITH THIS CAR IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT!
Many crave performance.  Many crave the all might horsepower.  Still when all is said and done, after a loooooong ass work day, you KNOW you want to ride in this cushy sofa with 4 wheels.  Highly insulated doors isolates you from road/wind noise to punk azz highschool homos with dual 12' woofers in their skank mobile.  Ride so cushy and nice, you'll be hard pressed to believe the speedo reading 90mhp, holy sh1t!  time to tap the break.    I'm not old.  It's not my car.  I wouldn't buy that car... yet, heheh not for another 50 years or so.  Still, the car ain't what i expected.  It's actually pretty damn good.  Specially coming from F0rd.    I'ma get a bimmer, preferebly '540i'.  Bimmer's BAD AZZ!  Still, damn this stupid town car is damn damn damn... good!
Many crave performance.  Many crave the all might horsepower.  Still when all is said and done, after a loooooong ass work day, you KNOW you want to ride in this cushy sofa with 4 wheels.  Highly insulated doors isolates you from road/wind noise to punk azz highschool homos with dual 12' woofers in their skank mobile.  Ride so cushy and nice, you'll be hard pressed to believe the speedo reading 90mhp, holy sh1t!  time to tap the break.    I'm not old.  It's not my car.  I wouldn't buy that car... yet, heheh not for another 50 years or so.  Still, the car ain't what i expected.  It's actually pretty damn good.  Specially coming from F0rd.    I'ma get a bimmer, preferebly '540i'.  Bimmer's BAD AZZ!  Still, damn this stupid town car is damn damn damn... good!
I rented this car for a wwek long visit to L.A. and San Diego. I put about 1000 miles on it. It was brand new with 3 miles on it when I got it.I was impressed with the engine. It was very smooth with lots of torque. The interior was pleasant with leather and wood and a good dash with all of the features you would want and expect. Interior space was copius and outward visibility was good. The seats were decent but not nearly as good as my wifes BMW(2000 528i wagon). The ride was pretty smooth but did not feel isolated like the BMW. No jarring, but you felt the road. The handling was very floaty. This car does not have any dampening to the suspension. Also, super light steering made it somewhat difficult to hold a line through a sweeping high speed turn(highway exits, interchanges), or holding a straight line. While nice for around town driving, I found the steering sorely inadequate for anything else. Reminiscent of driving a boat.Trunk space was less than I expected with a spare tire taking up much of it. But still a fairly generous space.The feel of the car(opening and closing the door and trunk, operating the features, etc.) was nowhere near the BMW. The BMW feels so solid and the Lincoln felt flimsy.Overall the Town Car falls far short of the standard set by BMW, Mercedes, Audi, Lexus, and Infinity, all of which I have driven. While I kind of enjoyed my time with the car(like a week of boating), There are light years between it and the BMW 5, and 7 series, Mercedes E and S class, Audi A6 and A8, Lexus, Infinity, and even cars like the VW passat(the best value out there).
always bought cadillacs since 1961.last car i traded in on the lincoln was a 1994 fleetwood. i did not like any 01 cadillacs, i drove the 01 deville. when i saw the 01 lincoln with the mock top,chrome wheelwell moldings, moonroof in all black, i must say it really impressed me.i never drove a lincoln. the ride and smoothness of the drivetrain and the brake and gas pedals move up or down 2 to 3' with a switch on the dash,i was again impressed.it is well thought out with features like heated seats,heated outside rearview mirrors,6 way power seats/lumbar w/controls on both front doors.auto dim rearview mirror.compass,traction control,extra acc plugin for phone/radar dect,alpine 6 cd player w/dsp,am/fm ant in window,fullsize spare,huge glovebox,wow! 
Leather interior in Cartier edition is a must. Just make sure you place plastic coverings over the seats before you whack the guy. My Town Car has the run-flat option in case the Feds try to shoot out our tires. 
Jerry: If you press the EXT button on the climate control that will give you the eterior (outside) temp.
This is the best luxury car for the money.  The only complaints I have are that it does not yet have a stability control system (chalk another point up for Cadillac) and the fact that Cadillac owners can say their car is more powerful (their only true defence).Also , I am a YOUNG Lincoln owner and people who say Lincolns are an old persons car generally barely know what a car is. (Chalk a point up for Lincoln)By the way If any of you people find yourselfs in a Cadillac showroom (I just stopped bu 2day to kill some time) don't be fooled by articles comparing Town Cars to Caddy's.  (The Cadillac advertisers somewhat lie. For example, Cadillac listed load leveling suspension as standard on the Deville (which it is) but thet also say that it is not available on the Town Car (Town Car has had a better STANDARD air suspension system for years!) Thats just one of many misleading bits of GM info.
A CAR FOR THE SENIOR BUYER THAT DEMANDS LUXURY, COMFORT AND ROOM COUPLED WITH DEPENDABILITY.
Great Car. Big Strong and Pretty.
Comfortable luxury sedan. I've had one on rental in summer of 2000, traveling a lot on vacation.Great engine and very smooth ride. A lot of room in front and rear seats and in the trunk.
Bought the Sienna new in Aug/00 after comparing it with Ford, GM, and Honda minivans. Became a toss up between it and the Odyssey. Decision made when Honda dealers were firm on pricing.    We live in the Pacific Northwest and use the Sienna mainly for short people-hauling/cross town trips. It goes on longer tours a few times a year. We use it to tow stuff occasionally (it has a class II Hidden Hitch). It gets about 20 mpg around town and 25 on the freeway.    For what the van is used for, we find the power to be ample and always smoothly delivered. Handling is competent and safe for a fairly wide range of road/driving conditions. It is pretty easy to park.    Interior room and seating functions are okay. Front seats are spacious enough for 6 footers. Back seats/cargo area certainly not as roomy and 'trick' as what the Odyssey offers. We have had to put things up on the roof rack a few times, and reminded ourselves that it is a MINIvan after all.    Gauges and indicators are easy to read and understand. Heating and a/c have worked well front and back, winter and summer. Low tire pressure indicator provided accurate warning twice (nails in tires), so it's a useful gizmo.    Forward vision is good due to seating height and low/short hoodline. Rearward not great due to thick pillars and head rests. There's road and wind noise, more pronounced at higher speeds, but nothing the Lo-Fi sound system can't drown out.    The Sienna has provided us with good, reliable service since day one, and has remained so after close to 50K miles, which is to be expected. Some complaints, however:    1. Recently noticed that the transmission does not always shift into top gear when the van is cold. Will shift properly after a few minutes of operation (takes a bit longer with lower ambient temperature). Will talk to the service folks at the next visit.     2. Rear door strap broke at about 30K. Romania/Kendall Toyota repaired it.     3. Not a glitch really, but the original Dunlops were done after about 40K miles; perhaps a bit on the short side of things. Replaced them with some Michelins.    That's about it for whining; but then again, our expectation is no major problems for at least 100K.     The van gets an oil&filter change every 3K miles with conventional 5W30. All scheduled maintenance has been proficiently done at the local Romania/Kendall dealer.    I have read (and been verbally informed by the dealer) about the engine oil sludging problem, so will continue to regularly monitor oil and look for symptoms mentioned by owners who have experienced the problem.     Also received from Toyota Motor Sales USA a warranty enhancement notice last year for the automatic transmission. We will find out if the No-High Gear-when-cold phenomenon is part of the issue.    We plan on keeping the Sienna for another 3 - 5 years if all goes well.
THIS CAR IS REALLY AMAZING,MINE HAS 309K MILES AND IT HAS THE SAME ENGINE,SAME TRANSMISSION,SAME FINE LEATHER SEATS,,,NO LEAKS AT ALL ,,,EVERYTHING WORKS AND YOU CAN FEEL CONFIDENT ABOUT THIS CAR THAT IT WILL PASS 500K & STILL GOING AND GOING,,,& REMEMBER ME THE FORD 55 FAIRLANE A REAL AMERICAN PROUD
It is a good car that can be serviced at a regular Ford dealership. It gets good gas mileage for a big car 17/25. A little better than the 2000 Subaru Legacy Wagon I drove before I bought it. I know because I tracked the mileage of both over the same 36 mile round trip commute for years. It has a good ride and I don't mean it wallows. You can feel the road but not every bump or expansion joint jars you. As a used car you are getting a bargain luxury car with a proven design, a very good reliability record and it is loaded with standard features. I have driven it about 55k miles without any major problems. For a person over 6 feet who needs to haul 3 or 4 other adults around once in a while you can't beat the value if you don't want to got to a van or suv.
Bought vehicle from neighbor. I have driven Toyota Celicas & Supras since 1976 which should comment on my opinion of those cars. The Lincoln's styling and luxury interior sold me. The handling is crisp when compared to previous Lincolns I've driven. The brakes are excellent. The power train is nicely matched though it is somewhat underpowered. Gas mileage is very good. There have been only two problems with the car: the driver side window motor, regulator, and complete switch failed; and the fuel pump croaked at 70,000 miles. I had bought an aftermarket warrantee so it wasn't painful.I am satisfied with the car and will keep it as my daily driver. If I get another bout of Toyota 'Twin Turbo Fever' as I have had, then I look for a Sunday car.
So far this Lincoln seems to be a very nice car. Besides not having real wood trim (not even the 50 thousand dollar Cartier L has real wood), the interior can only be described as lavish. With the 1999 restyle, it's not near as much a granny-car as it used to be, and things have improved in other areas with the new models as well. Handling is somewhat improved over the older TownCars, and the ride seems to be a bit stiffer with less body roll around the corners. Since Lincolns (especially the TownCar) depreciate quickly, we were able to find a great deal on the 1999. (See Price Above^)
this is the rare 'touring sedan' option, factory duals, 220 HP, special torque converter, stiffer suspension, special wheels and totally BLACK, not even the chrome beltline on the bumpers. it's black too, oh and I had the windows tinted too...special factory interior trim w/leather..oh and sun-roof too!
For months I was going to buy a truck. But if you have owned one...not a smoothe ride, total gas hog, and uncomfortalbe to drive. So, I purchased a Lincoln Towncar. It is great! The ride is smoohte and is definatly comfortable...the children enjoy it to.  I made the right decision!
Got got it last week. So far a very good car. Great ride and the gas milages is very good
This car is great! I love it even more everytime I get in. All of my friends are jealous! I'm a 26 y/o single male and the girls love it!!! The interior is slick and comfortable and big enough to have a couple of chicks working on you at the same time, the paint looks great, and what a ride!
Having rolled a SUV doing about 75MPH, I wanted a vehicle that was a little more difficult to roll. Being an American, and a big Ford/Lincoln Mercury fan, I decided to purchase a slightly used 1999 Lincoln Town Car.The Town Car has impressive power. The auto leveling feature is extremely nice when I use it to trailer my boat. It is a very comfortable vehicle that I feel very safe in.I think that there is more cubic feet of cargo space in the trunk than my SUV had. 
Having rolled a SUV doing about 75MPH, I wanted a vehicle that was a little more difficult to roll. Being an American, and a big Ford/Lincoln Mercury fan, I decided to purchase a slightly used 1999 Lincoln Town Car.The Town Car has impressive power. The auto leveling feature is extremely nice when I use it to trailer my boat. It is a very comfortable vehicle that I feel very safe in.I think that there is more cubic feet of cargo space in the trunk than my SUV had. 
Needs more quality the ride is great if you install white KYB shocks and tires that bite the road.Underpowered for its size and fuel milage needs improvement.Needs vented rotors standard on front and rear with heavy duty calipers and rotors.Independent suspenstion would improve handleing and then you would have a great car.And last the seats I had to redue after 40,000 miles the padding went bad.Other than that a great car to own for the price.
Big, imposing, powerful and full of history; it conveys the perfect image of refinement and strength. One note, however: the Town Car can only be purchased in black. Any other color would make me look like a retiree setting out for his weekly golf game. If Michael Corleone trusted his hide to American manufacturers, it is good enough for me, capiche?
A great luxury car and the only one that doesn't look like a BMW. The Town Car is a great buy for 40k.
Price in the mid-30s.  Certainly would recommend it for a traditional driver who wants reliable and comfortable travel. There are very few real faults, just several mentioned that can be improved upon. Perhaps the dual-exhaust higher H.P. model would help get it moving faster from a stoplight, but it certainly couldn't ever be a drag racer.  Lincoln might in the next year's model put in the 300H.P. engine from their SUV and touch up some of the small shortcomings to make it a full '5'.
   I've owned three Lincolns, and this is the best one by far! What a driver's car. Just step on the throttle and whoosh! Not a stoplight runner, but really ticks away the miles on the highway.    If you're looking for the plush 'banker' Town Car, you'll be disappointed. I find this car much 'cozier' than the previous, boxy model. The roofline is a little too raked back for my liking and the moonroof, when open, makes a humming noise from 35 to 45 MPH. But other than that, it's a great car.
highly recommended if you have $35k laying around...
i paid 20,000 dollars for it and it was well worth it. i prefer the lincolns over caddys cause the lincolns have a lower price and are usually more reliable than cadillac's. I recommend this car to older adults whose kids dont live with them, because its just a senior citizen type of car. 
We are well satisfied with this Lincoln and will probably keep it for another 10+ years. (as we did the last '90 TC) I only changed cars to get a more modern styling - the last Lincoln T/C was almost perfect when we sold it. Lincolns have a high depreciation rate (when compared to some of the foreign imports) - so buying a 1 or 2 year old model makes great economic sense. ($37,000 MSRP sold for $21,000 at two years with 30K miles) Especially if you plan on keeping the car for another 5 to 10 years. None of the Lincoln T/Cs I have owned have had a rusting problem and generally look great(although parked outdoors. 
Traded a chevy silverado ext cab for this. the wife saw this town car and fell in love. it had 30k on it and was still under factory warranty. this is a great ride and gets really great gas mileage in town or hiway. the only thing i have done to it was normal maintenance. drives great rides great, all around a good value. even though the linco;n depreciates fast, it doesnt matter as i intend to keep my luxo-yacht till the wheels fall off. we have a 93 crown vic with 160k on it and it srill is a fine ride too. the wife and i are still young and do not see the lincoln as a granma mobile. luxury dependibility and comfort, thats what it's all about!
This is my second used Town Car. The Touring Sedan package really stiffens up the steering through the corners yet doesn't impact ride comfort. In addition the 3.55 rear-end improves launch.    Both cars have excellent paint quality for used vehicles. I suspect the Town Cars get better paint jobs than lesser vehicles.    A very nice combination of luxury and performance.
This will be a horse. A beautiful one at that. Some of the above options like the keyless, CD I can purchase so dont consider to be major negatives. So far I really love this car and keep making excuses to drive it somewhere. On the highway it shines. I travel about 2 hours to my weekend place and the TC just floats up there. So nice.
Former owner of a light blue 1990 TC. The 1998 Town car has a good ride, and is faster than the 90-97. The interior has better fake wood trim, and I love the seats. The seats in the 90 were better, but these are still great. The engine is powerful and the traction control lets you take off fast in the rain.
The best kept secret in used car values. This car was $40,000 when new and one in excellent condition can be had for about $9000.00 or less nowadays. I brought it in from Fla with 54,606 miles. In the year and 7 months that I've had this car, I've experienced no problems whatsoever. The car is smooth, powerful and very well appointed. Mine came with sunroof, High powered JBL system, 10 disc changer, fact phone, ABS, traction control and ride control. They say the ride doesn't suffer much with ride control and I agree. On the freeway this car is a dreem to drive. It is quiet and absorbs all road bumps and imperfections with total ease. Everywhere your body touches is met with soft cushy materials, even your elbows. The seats are among the most comfortable seats of any car I have ever used. I have driven this car on 1000 mile trips and to my surprise have felt very relaxed and refreshed at the end of those trips, that alone is worth buying this car for. As far as fuel mileage goes, since it does have a digital readout, the best I have seen on the freeway is a constant 26, however in mixed driving with stop and go I've had a realistic 17 mpg. The trunk is enormous probably the largest trunk you will ever see. I understand that the newer models, 98 to present, do not have this large of a trunk. The 4.6 liter V8 in this car together with its transmission is absolutely bulletproof. Ford did its homework here. In fact, besides its F series I think this where Ford spent most of their school time. That was the good and now for the bad. This particular car does have one weak spot and that is its plastic manifold. I didn't wait for mine to break before having it replaced. I bought an updated version directly from Lincoln. The new manifolds have been reinforced with aluminum and are really quite dependable $400.00 plus installation at an independant for a total of $600.00. This has made my car what I consider to be an outstanding and very dependable vehicle suitable for everyday use as well as long distance cruising. Truly nothing beats the value here. If you do yor homework you will find many excellent examples with over 200,000 miles still running as new.
This the Second Town Car I have driven a lot. I love this car every time I have to make a trip. I only use it for road trips. I get 21 MPG at 80mph to cruising at 65-70 24 mpg. Why any one would drive a 'econo box' that gets mid to upper 20's mpg is beyond me when you ride in comfort and ease and get 22-25 mpg. Both Town cars had few problems the current a couple of engine sensors replaced under warrentty. I can make 2-4 hour trip and get out of the car like I just got in the car 30 minutes ago. You can load up the family and plenty of gear and not even notice it. The fellow that had a car rental agency for 10 years rnet Town cars and took delight in the dedicated Caddy owners who after driving a Town Car for a few days would come back with their new Town Car a few weeks later.
I bought this town car for a very reasonable $3000 with only 80K miles on it. i've had a couple problems, cracked manifold and flattened air suspension. the manifold cost me close to $1000 to fix and the air shocks i did myself. i must say my lincoln is far better than any ford and mercury i ever had.
As lifelong Mopar man I was furious when my wife bought this car with 154,000 miles on it. It now has 161,000 and I am looking for another TC for me.     Rather than repeat everything else others have said I'd like to summarize the review ratings on this site for its competitors:    Mercedes Benz: Average of 7 types - 4.16  C class 4.01  CL 4.53  CLK 4.11  E 4.10  S 4.12  SL 4.44  SLK 3.83    Cadillac Average of 5 models - 3.12  Catera 2.19  CTS 2.95  DeVille 3.59  Eldorado 3.59  Seville 3.29    Lexus Average of 7 models 4.46  ES300 4.14  GS 430 4.63  GS 4.16  LS400 4.40  LS430 4.44  SC430 4.85  SC 4.58    BMW Average of 3 models - 4.58  5-series 4.50  7 series 4.38  M5 4.88    Ford Land Yacht Class Average - 4.43  Crown Vic 4.44  Mercury Maurader 4.52  Grand Marquis 4.39  Town Car 4.39    So lets rank the averages by manufacturer:    BMW 4.58  Lexus 4.46  Ford L-Y 4.43  Mercedes Benz 4.16  Cadillac 3.12    What's even more astounding is a lot of us Land Yacht reviewers bought our big Fords with over 5 years and 100,000 miles on them and still rated them higher than Cadillac, Mercedes Benz and equal to Lexus.
Excellent road car, quiet, good travelling.
I bought this lincoln used and have had a good experience with this car.  I now have a problem with my air suspension that i read goes bad at about 70k miles and requires new air suspension shocks and a new compressor to inflate the shocks.  This is a pricey repair at most dealerships but i found a co. on the net that sells the parts for alot less.  I plan on replacing the parts myself.  At about 50k it began missing and a new set of plug wires handles that problem. The best experience was with the dealership...it is the best dealer i have ever been to...excellant people to deal with!  I would buy another one! Anyone having any info on changing the air suspension that reads this would be greatly appreciated.
I never fail to be impressed with this car. I chose a 95 because I'm not crazy about the newer, rounder Town Cars. It accelerates and brakes with such ease, and I can rarely feel when the silky transmission shifts gears. Looking over the sizable hood and seeing the legendary Lincloln Crosshairs hood ornament ready to lay waste to any other car I see fit is just a never ending pleasure. I will never drive anything else.
I have had this car for almost 2 yrs now and it is the best car I have ever owned. I take offense to some of the reviews saying this is only a senior citizens car. I am now 21 and couldn't be happier. It has good power, great gas mileage for it's size, and plenty of room. Some people think they are just slow and pokey but I have personally raced an early 90's Mustang GT, several honduh civics, and a few others and have beaten all but one and it was a warmed over Lincoln. They handle well for the comfort level and are wonderful on long trips. It handles much better in the snow than any of the FWD cars I have driven and rides a million times smoother too. The only problem i have had is the older transmission internals need to be updated with the 98 and up parts. They made them stronger after 98. I had to replace the transmission at 145k and now have 170k on it and it still runs like brand new. When I first bought it all my friends made fun of me for it but now several of them are looking at Towncars to replace their econoboxes they are now driving. As for gas mileage, I average 21 in the city and have seen on numerous occasions 33mpg on long trips running anywhere from 60 to 80 mph. My girlfriend has an 03 Toyota Carolla and it only gets around 30 on the interstate.
This boat is great... The trunk has enough space to accomodate a small family.. The back seat has lots of room for all sorts of fun...
One of the most reliable cars I've ever owned. Anyone that says that a Town Car is a poor performer doesn’t know much about cars. My Dad, uncle, brother in-law and myself all drive TC. All have high mileage and still going strong. If taking care properly you can get close to 300K on a car like this before having major problems. Sure it drinks a little more gas but it’s a good trade off for having longevity & reliability. I have 209K with NO problems yet! There’s no better vehicle to take on a long trip than a TC. It’s the ultimate ROAD WARRIOR. chk out http://www.lincolnsonline.com for more.
I would definitely recommend this car to a SERIOUS driver looking for superior comfort, luxury, power and reliability.
I'm in love.  I'll never go back to another lesser car.  Has over 225,000 miles and is in mint condition.  Engine is strong.  Plenty of acceleration and rides likes she's on air.  This car drives itself.  Great sound system, handling, breaking and comfort.
Vehicle simply has exceptional handling.  Wide back seat and front seat, plan to drive it through 2003.  Body has no rust, wonderfully powerful engine. Leather roof has maintained well.
Love the Town Car!! Smooth, secure, heavy, extremely quiet, comfortable, loads a gadgets and toys, love the power opening & power closing trunk, love the room inside and all the little places to keep things, and the dash wood that's REAL! Love the ultra low maintenance costs and the regular fuel it thrives on.
Great Car. No major problems. Replaced fuse in October that controls keyless entry.  This is my 6th Lincoln T/C. There is nothing to com[pare to the smooth, quiet ride and the luxury of a Town Car.
In my orginal summary I stated I drove the vehicle on a 100 mile round trip. This was an error I overlooked.  The correct round trip mileage was 1300 miles.  Sorry about that.
I was unhappy with a 2003 Honda Odessy Vanand decided to buy a luxury four door sedan.  The dealer suggested I look at his certified leased Lincolns,rather then, a new Ford Victoria or Mercury   Marquis. The lincoln I purchased is a dream car. Made a 100 mile round trip and enjoyed every mile of it. I once owned a Mercury Marquis ,however, it wasn't in the same leaague as the Lincoln Town Car. From now on, I will only buy a Lincoln. You can have your forign cars and better mileage.
Overall, a pleasure to drive. Smooth and comfortable while driving. Excellent interior with all the bells & whistles. This car was made for the road! Good handling and plenty of power with the V8 engine. Gets attention no matter where I drive it. There is nothing I can say bad about this automobile. I just love it!!!
Love my Town Car.  Purchased December 2000 with just 60K one careful owner miles.  Great ride, lots of room for growing family, loads of class.  Drove 1500 miles round trip for Christmas.  Stable, safe and comfortable for the entire trip.  Love the digital dash and trip computer.  Much more luxurious and classier than a minivan - and much less likely to roll over.  Couldn't think of a better family car.
Well,I can't say enough about this car.I went from an 86 Town Car to this.Car has NO rust ANYWHERE.Has 110,000 miles on it,and runs,drives,and looks like I just drove it out of the showroom.And FINALLY,a car that rides like a marshmellow AND handles like a sports car.And WOW,what accelleration.Is this REALLY a Lincoln?My Dad was very upset when he drove this car.He just paid 16grand for an ElDorado,and he said my Lincoln rode a hundred times better.He said he felt more comfortable and in control of the Lincoln.He also questioned if his Northstar engine was really peppier than the Lincoln,or just made more noise!!!I never say 'when are they gonna fix these roads' anymore!! P.S. 110,000miles & NO squeaks or rattles.That's amazing in itself.When I purchased this car,I had also test drove a 95 Caddy Sedan DeVille.I had to hang on the steering wheel to turn it,and rode like a Corvette.Not what i'd call a luxury car.Also felt clostrophobic in the Caddy.When I test drove the Lincoln,I drove it to the bank,and returned with the cash!!! 
I love this car and hope to have it for a long time as a second vehicle.  I had to have the AC charged with about a lb of freon, and the meters on the machine show that the compressor needle indicator vibrates a little meaning that it does not hold stable pressure,  The mechanic says that it could go in a year, or in 3 years, and living in the desert you can't be without it.  A new compressor installed would be around 1000.00 dollars. OUCH!    if anyone has any info or ideas on this, please feel free to email me.  Or about any other info you could share on this year and model.keeferws@hotmail.com
Bought this sled with 120k two years ago. I now have 222K and recently replaced the A/C Compressor. I use Mohil-1 synthetic with AST additive and have had very good results. I keep the injectors clean with STP every other tank. I love this car and have had no complaints. You can't beat the air-ride suspension for comfort. I am very satisfied with the car overall. The only disappointment thus far is the factory radio. I rplaced it three times because of the defects in the circuit board. I did a little research and found out that aftermarket is the way to go. You can even use the factory amp.
When my grandfather gave me his blue 1990 lincoln Town Car I fell in love with the car right away, my grandpa put in a Pioneer audio system which also included a 12 disc cd changer in the huge trunk. It's ride is so soft I could almost fall asleep behind the wheel. The car is like a isolation chamber it pretty much does not let me feel the road, and that might cause problems with speed control, because 35 feels like 50 and 70mph. But what disatisfies me is that the Die Hard battery is new but the car still has problems starting sometimes. The keyless remote entry that was insalled was not from the factory, but from the aftermarket. The company is called Autopage, it operates the doors, trunk, and panic button. The trunk in the car is big and I believe that you can fit at least 4-5 people in there without discomforte. The trunk lid has a cool way of closing, it just glides into the place so smothly. Fuel economy is okay for a 5.0 liter V8, but I thought that more power should be there when you need it. The digital speedometer is cool but I think it might be lying. This car is better than a BMW or a Mercedes.
Great Car. Have owned it for 1 1/2 years and have only had to replace the driver window motor. Had 96,000 miles on it when I bought it. It now has 113,000. Runs excellent and rides great. Only negative is that the lower left quarter panel has rusted. Seems to be a problem with the '89s.
I even traded my 1985 Chevy Cavelier Station wagon which I had roughly $375 dollars in since I bought it, so $375 is what I paid but its worh at least $1,000. The Lincon is still as smooth riding as when new, it has decent power considering it has only 150HP but the 270 lb. ft. of torque make up the difference. The car is in decent shape, and starts without any problems and goes as soon as you put it in drive. I am uncertain of the actual mileage since the speedometer cable broke about 2 years ago according to the prior owner, but it was at 154,000 at that point so I`d guess ot close to 180,000 by now, and considering all the miles the engine is very quiet and runs smoothly.
First of all it is actually a 83 Lincoln TC SIG.It is the most comfortable car I have ever rode in. I had to replace a water pump fuel pump turn signal lamp and a rear bumper because it was rusted out.It is as beautiful on the out side as it is on the inside.It has just about 170000 miles on it and the engine still runs just like new.Overall it is a great car and as soon as i get some more money I am buying another one.
This car is bad as hell.  It might be a litte slow in town, but on the freeway it floats like a boat. It's like a living room on wheels.  And even better, when the roads are wet you can do 360's like nothing else!
I have a 92 Cartier Edition Lincoln Town Car. I had it for 2 year and I'm very satisfied. It's style and luxury impresses everybody! I have a lot of info about this car on my web site: http://www.dj-e.f2s.com/Lincoln .
This car is a complete pile of junk.  It has the weakest engine, costs way to much, and has a horrible ride quality.  For the price I paid, I still got a Daewoo quality car.
Paid $44,310 dealer incentive $10,000 (yes, $10K off) trade of 1996 $16,000and 0.9% financing.....what a deal.  nothing in it's class for this price(yes, this was new not used car)
Sorry folks, didn't mean to write about a Sienna at the Lincoln section. Perhaps the admin can square things up.
this is the first mercedes i have bought and it will be my last. I recently bought a Cadilac STS4 and it is a gem. No issues to report and the car is a year old. I just bring it in for regular maintanance.
I love this car! Compared to my Audi A4, this a true luxury sport sedan and the Audi is a wanna be. The ride and handling are great and all the technology is both intuitive and actually works. Overall, a great value for the price.
This is our first mercedes. We bought the first refreshed c class and were relatively satisfied. It was loaded with every option except nav and only has 15,000 miles.  Very comfortable, although rather small. It drives great looks great and feels great.  3 months in we brought the car in far transmission problems and was told the steering also needed to be re aligned. This was the beginning. The center glave compartment lid has detached itself 4 or five times and has been replaced twice. We cant even use it for fear of it getting jammed or falling off. The radio has mysteriously stopped working over a dozen times. There have been countless other issues but we feel the problems have been unresolved do to incompetant technicians. Its a great car if you have the money and the patience to keep it going.
I looove this car. Have had Caddy, Jag, Nissan 300ZX.  This is my favorite. I wanted a tight driving car with a back seat. Looked at Mazda RX8 (great handling - but the press about a usable back seat is a joke), Caddy CTS (pretty nice, but more body roll than the Mercedes - not as fun to drive), Infiniti I35 (great features and power for the money, just not a distinctive car -- though a very nice one), and Infiniti G35 (very fast, but maybe too fast, jerky transmission shifts, and very cheap plasticky looking interior) Local BMW and Audi salesmen are incredibly arrogant, so I stopped looking for them years ago. My 230K was not the fastest of the bunch I considered, but had the best combination of luxury and sport. It is hard to describe - nice tight handling and cornering - very solid feel - and yet the ride feels luxurious as well.  Good sound and ride shock dampening. Lots of cool little luxury touches and innovations that I discovered for several days AFTER I bought the car - nice surprises.  My wife says this little car feels more solid and stable than my Caddy DeVille! I hope I don't get the potential repairs and glitches many have posted, but so far so good. This car has a better ride than Audi and BMW, AND the salesmen are open to huge negotiations in price, especially just before the 2005 models come in.  I promised I wouldn't say what price I got, but it is cheaper than most I have seen on these forums by thousands.
I am reading the reviews on this car, and can't believe we're talking about the same vehicle. This is a TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE vehicle. A car not worthy of wearing the three-pointed star. Problems since day one - alignment, transmission, squeaks, rattles, NOISE (tire noise, wind noise, road noise, suspension noise). Just a Godawful piece of junk. DO NOT BUY THIS CAR! Don't think Mercedes will do ANYTHING to help you either. Mercedes Benz Customer Assistance Center in Montvale NJ doesn't care about your problems and won't get involved WHATSOEVER. You are on your own. I am so disappointed in this vehicle...
A BLAST TO DRIVE!  Great power and handling.  And beautiful to look at.  I shouldn't have test drove it b/c I can't afford it and it's hard to walk away from.  Very hard.
$45,000 Cdn.  I would recommend this car because of its overall reliability.  If you can modify it a bit with some parts from AMG, Lorinser, or Carlsson it would definitly look & perform better.
I think this car is a great, reliable, and very safe car. The '94 C220 was a replacement for the E190 and is a much better car and design replacement. It could use a 5 speed instead of a 4 speed, but I'm happy with the 4 speed. No major problems. Pick up is good. I like the sound of the engine when pushing the accelerator down. Impresses my friends for a 17 year old with a MB. I would recommend any MB products for anyone looking for a safe, reliable, and up to date technology car. It's name says it all. 
I must admit that the prestige of driving a M-B blinded me to some of the shortcomings of the C class. Although it's not the worst car I've ever driven, it's far from the best. I drive my wife's Acura every chance I get! The car is very small and the 4 cylinder is rough and crude. I look forward to my lease being up in another year and will probably buy a Japanese car like a Lexus or an Acura. You can't beat them for the money. The M-B was not as good as the Volvo 960 I had just before it which cost about the same. I have not had the mechanical problems with my car that I read in other reviews on this page, but it makes me nervious. I hope my car makes it in good shape for another year.
there are two types of cars: Mercedes and others.what is so special about mercedes wannabe lexus?it's just a factory upgraded toyota with a 20k extra price tag.they just copy Mercedes design and instead of spending money and energy in that field, they make them more reliable but not rebuildable.you can still see 1960s, '70s mercedes cars around, but who thinks they'll see 30-40 year old lexus cars? none. 
The C-class is in my opinion fundamentally a well built car. However, my C-class was supplied with 4 basic errors, including front wheel misalignment of 20 degrees. Your US price of $31000 does not translate here in the UK - a basic C-class comprises an 1800 engine, without auto box or metallic paint. This in very basic trim (without any 'extras' such as air con or leather) costs in excess of $31k. A US basic specification 2800 engine with auto, leather, and metallic paint, I have this week been quoted at circa $57600. I am intrigued to understand how Mercedes can build, ship and sell a $31000 car in the United States for $57000 in the UK. Whilst a reasonably competant and generally well built car, at current pricing levels this is clearly very poor value in the UK.
This engineering of this car is excellent.
Thank God I was talked out of the Jag X-Type! This is the most incrediable ride. True Class, Performance & Value. Diane @ Crown is a true professional, cleaning every speck of dust off the car while explaining the details of all the many features. This car truely handles & performs like a true Mercedes. Looks & Style are unmatchable. Comfort! Long legs fit in both front & back seats comfortably. The Bose sound system is excellent. The Sport model is the way to go! Classy, Sexy & Sophisticated. You get what you pay for, what an amazeing VALUE.
I shopped my but off look for that great deal and I got it! I guess it helps to be in sells. I got the car with leather, 6 speed, sun roof fully loaded. The only thang I did not get with it was the 17 inch rims. But at $25,000 out the door including taxes and everything is pretty good. The car is great I luv it!!!!!!
a $29000 mercedes is still a mercedes. This car has lots of great features at a great price.
Controls failure - Sterring wheel controls failure (No controls of wipers, turn signal, and horns.    Was dring at highway speed of 65 mph and the windshield wipers failed, almost caused major accident. Some major problems with electronic or mechanical controls.
I bought the car for 3 months now and I am totally satisfied so far. With the 6-speed manual version, it is a really fun car to drive with great responsiveness and handling. It is one of the most powerful car on the market that is environmental friendly. It has ultra low emission labelling, with fairly good fuel economy in city, and excellent on highway. I almost got the BMW330coupe which is an even better drive, but my family thought it is not as comfortable as passengers, and the backseat is even tighter than this hatchback, and the fully loaded version cost $10000 more. I am also aware that the Japanese cars are much more reliable, but no matter how pricy they get, they just don't attract as much attention and envy as the German cars.
This is an initial review about the car. I just got it. I researched many cars before I came to the conclusion. I looked at the BMW 330i and Audi A4 Quattro. None can match the luxury of the Baby Benzo. Ride quality is excellent compaired to the other two. Acutally, it's not even a fair compairson. The Benz caters more to the luxury craving individual. It does not have the sports like handling of the BMW. It was never meant to be. People always talk about how the connection between the driver and car is so strong in the BMW. If that's what you want then get a BMW. The benz is pure luxury and ride comfort is grade A. It has a host of safety features that other cars do not have. It has little features that make you say wow every time you find them. If you want pure luxury driving pleasure and the oooh and ahhh, get the Merc. I ordered my custom with the Comand System, heated seats, bixenon's with headlight washers, drivers multi contour seats, and C2 premium package with power window, rain sensor, power rear sunshade.
Warning: I only took this for a test drive for about 30 min. Not what I'd consider a good review, but a good first impression.    At a base price of 33,000 Cdn, it's a good price for a Benz. I tested the loaded version with the sport package, leather seats, and panorama sun roof. To get the fully loaded version, you need another 10 grand or so. A cheap Benz is still a cheap Benz, but there is no goodies. Big let down.    The car handles very nicely. Smooth ride, even though they said the 17' wheels would provide a rougher ride compared to the standard 16' tires. Acceleration was beautiful. 0-100Kph in about 8 seconds.    The ride was very comfortable, and the car is fun to drive. The car is hard to look out of the back, but that's to be expected of a liftback. The added window at the bottom of the main rear window is useless. It is only used when your body is turned around to reverse, and the window has an odd shape that distorts the image you see. You must get used to it.    While the problems with the car are there, they are just cosmetic problems. I still daydream of driving that car everywhere.
I AM HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THE CAR LOOSING POWER DRIVING ON THE FREEWAY. THEIR IS A  POSSIBILITY THIS CAR HAS A DEFECT. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE RELIABILITY OF THIS CAR AND FEAR FOR MY SAFETY.  IT HAS BEEN IN TWO TIMES NOW AND IT IS STILL NOT FIXED.
Firstly, I am not stricly an owner of one fo these, so my opinion is quite neautral. I was shopping around for a vehicle, and I tried both petrol and diesel variations of this car. A total disaster on the part of Mercedes Benz. The diesel felt (sounded and performed) like a van, patrol was not much better and I was scared to touch any of the switches in case I broke them. I ended up selecting a Jaguar. To be fair, Jag is not as loaded as a Merc, but it gave more confidence and I was able to turn the switches with confidence!
I bought a Star certified C230 about 4 months ago. I enjoyed every moment of driving the car. Having experience buying cars from Toyota, Honda and VW, I rated my local MB dealer at the very top. They are quite polite and very professional.     With a price tag of little over 20k, the C230 comes with many luxury items/options, more than what I expected. The engine is powerful. Although the engine in the 2002 C230 model does sound a little bit coarse.    This is my first Mercedes. But it certainly won't be the last. I plan to purchase a E55 or E500 in the next 3 years.
When first looking at MB's, I was expecting to puchase a used StarMarked model. I was looking at the new 'C' class and drove it, loving how it performed. However, it broke down two weeks after I purchased it resulting in over $800 worth of repairs. In addition, when I used TeleAid to repair my car at 12:30 in the morning, they sais they would be more than willing to help me out. Two minutes later, they called me back and asked if I could repair the problem (thank goodness for TeleAid since I was without a signal on my cell phone). In addition, the gas mileage on this car is horrible. I stopped more times making a 400 mile journey than I did with my previous SUV. In addition, the rear leg room is cramped and I was told that the car only came in white and black at the time of purchase, which was not the case at the time. I definately got ripped off paying a 49K price tag for this car!
Miserable experience, from the Dealership to the vehicle
I traded my 2000 ML430 SUV in for this car. Essentialy the same brand, but it sport sedan. This car has better fuel consumption. I got 33 mpg to 35 mpg on HWY, and 23 mpg on side street stop a go condition. This C240 is quiet and smooth ride and when windows roll up you can't hear anything from outside. So far I don't have any complain yet and there are so many safty standard feature that are not available in other vihecle. Never drive anything else but a Mercedes. Handling, functionality and solidness is very good.
I am coming back to report about this vehicle. I had one oil change I had this car. It takes a long time for change around 10 thousand miles. So far so go, no problem yet. Still love the car.
What an excellent car! After looking at what else I could have spent my $28k on I came to the conclusion that there is no better deal out there for the money. The car is well built, fun to drive and as a bonus has that three pointed star on the grill.
A wonderful car that drives as good as it looks. I considered the RSX Type-S but the Mercedes is just so much more comfortable and luxurious. You wouldn't believe the comments I get, most consider it a much more expensive car. The only option I included was the leather seats.
I test drove the new Jaguar X-Type and was going to buy it. Luckily, I test drove the C320 first! This car has caught BMW & Audi, equaling their stylish interiors and surpassing them. This car drives better than the competition not losing anything in sports performance. Additionally, mercedez luxury is superior, you don't feel every bump in the road like BMW and Audi. Step up your game with the C series Benzo.
I was looking for a sport sedan with an automatic since I have back problems.  I have test driven some of the other luxury models and found them wanting in some respects.  This car has it all--speed, handling, braking, comfort, enough luxury goodies to ride long distances, 4 door practicality, and good looks.  Although not inexpensive, for what you get(including the AMG modifications) this car is a relative bargain!
I love this car. It look great. It would blow a Audi out of the water. IT has a great engine and interior. I would not trade it for anything else
I can't believe I own a Mercedes-Benz!!  What a steal this car is!!  It is a quality product from top to bottom.  DO NOT HESITATE TO TEST THIS CAR, YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!  I almost bought an Acura RSX, and I'm here to tell you, there is NO COMPARISON...ABSOLUTELY NONE!! The Acura is a go-cart compared to the Mercedes.  Couple that with the prestige factor, and you will have a car that you'll be happy with for many years to come!!
The C230 Coupe is not the product that I expected from Mercedes Benz - for both better and worse.  The Better-> The car is sporty and fun to drive. The handling is crisp. The 6 speed manual shifts very well although the clutch take 1-2 weeks to get used to.  The car is very affordable - about the same as a high end Accord or GTI/Jetta or Acura Integra and Cheaper than the new Camry  The Worse-> I had the Check Engine Light turn on within the first week of ownership.  A part that measures the air-fuel ratio needed to be replaced.  The dealer was very responsive and helpful.  Mercedes Benz of Pleasanton sounds much better than some of these other dealers.  But still I had paid $27,400 in cash for the car just a few days earlier, so this was a let down to have a maintenance problem.  Price above includes Californix Tax and License.
This car is simply fabulous!  0 - 60 in 7.7 seconds.  Not bad for a 4 cylinder.  Anyone who reviewed this car and whined about anything wrong is because they were too cheap to pay the money for the extras!
Good value for a Mercedes. Compromises are however apparent and annoying.Handles well and has suffcient power. Feels good to drive. Some quality problems from outset  and predelivery service was not well dome at all.  All in all I would not buy this car again and would have sprung the extra bucks for a c240 or c 320
I love driving this car. This is my 4th MB and this is the one I enjoy driving the most. It's fast, rev's nicely, has 95% of the amenities of my wife's E320--which costs almost 2X--and has a better feel in the suspension and steering. Sport seats are a bit stiff (not sure a 12 hour drive would be pleasant), but I use it to commute and for around town. It's more practical than the SLK due to 4-seats, cargo holding.
We owned a 2000 Celica GT-S which was a great, fun,reliable car. But it was buzzy,kind of a boy racer look and didn't have some of the extras that make long distance  driving enjoyable. We had settled on it after looking for 6 months for a well appointed coupe with some style that didn't cost $60K. When we found the new coupe we were thrilled. I had my wife drive both the 230 SLK and the C230 Coupe and didn't let her see the price tags. After driving both she actually liked the coupe better than the SLK and I had to agree with her. The SLK is nice but seems a bit austere in comparision with other performance oriented 2 seater and really isn't a practical car for those of us who deal with winters. Mercedes hit the market point perfectly with the C-Coupe. The features are all there, the huge sunroof is great, the car is quick, responsive and very ccomfortable to drive. All in all we are thrilled with our new silver C-Coupe!
This is my first MB; it came highly recommended by several people whose opinions I value.  However, it may possible be my last MB, due to the many problems I've experienced in the first three months of ownership!
Without a doubt, the finest automobile I have ever owned in 33 years of buying and driving. I love this car!
nice car with mix of luxury and sporty look the 200 kompressor have the 'right' power for inner city driving
  This is truly a great car!  I researched and test drove all comparables, and this is truly the best (and most expensive).  BMW is too common and plain in comparison.  This Benz is not in the near-luxury class, but in the luxury class.  Looks like a smaller S Class, same engine as E class, and refined, luxurious, and sporty.  Real head turner and snob appeal!Great product from a great company.  Once you go MB, you never go back!!
It's a very nice car. It's sporty, quick, light, roomy, and has that wonderful star on the front hood. 
Overall great car.  Solid build and pretty looks.  (not now though, my   mercedes emblem got ripped off)  Very refined automobile.
This is my first Mercedes, and will probably be my last. While a fabulous car in many ways, owning it has been a 'high maintenance' experience from just about every standpoint. I was expecting a higher level of dealer service, and thought an MB dealer would be better about just 'taking care' of problems. Don't be blinded by the 'image of a Mercedes' if you choose this car.
Solid vehicles with well appointed finishes. Light colour interior not very servicable.
I LOVE this car.  It is my first car and I will definently stick to MB's.  Fortunately, I have not had the bad problems as others have. I added a lot of extra's, and it performs wonderfully.  It is a head turner when a 16 yr old girl is driving it.  This car has the smoothest ride.  The personnel where I bought my MB at are very friendly, and even call to check up on my car. I would recommend this car to anyone who really appreciates comfort, quality, and superior handling. 
I L-O-V-E this car!!  When I first test-drove this car, I liked it.  The first week after I purchased it, I liked it even more.  Now, after putting 2000 enjoyable miles on it, I adore this car.  This car will turn heads and can also zoom past some of the flashier sedans such as Lexus 300.  I did test drive the BMW 3 series and found it to be pretty bland.  Being a person who truly enjoys 'driving,' I am totally satisfied with my purchase of the C320.  You can reach 100 mph without even realizing it and curves at 85 mph are a blast and a breeze.  
This is the ideal car for both in-town and highway travelling.  It combines economy in terms of fuel usage, plus the sufficient joy of the road to satisfy any driver. The ride is smooth, there is little noise nor harshness in the ride.  It is agile and quick enough for most drivers.  If you desire a faster vehicle then you simply choose the C320 as opposed to this model. It deserves a best in its class award.  
What an absolute beautiful car. I was on my way to a BMW dealership to order a 318i when I noticed a Mercedes dealership along the way and decided to compare their models not knowing that the new C Class was about to be launched. Let's just say that I ordered the car by simply looking at the catalog. I've owned it now for two months and simply love it. Admittedly it does not have that sporty BMW feel but it comes pretty close whilst still maintaining that luxury feel. It's a car that I can enjoy in my youth and old age. I think Merc got it just right. Many people will argue that the car competes with the BWM 3 and comes close yet fails. I say that the C is in a Class of its own. The C Class feels just right and offers the same level of enjoyment no matter what your age is. You simply cannot outgrow it. For the record: This car is not available in the US and some other countries. It's powered by a 2 litre with a Supercharger that develops performance comparable to the C240. Also, Avantgarde is what Merc calls the Sport versions here.
Totally unimpressive performance. 168hp for $35k or more? Are you kidding? I test drove this car in automatic and it is a slug. It's pegged at about 9.2 seconds 0-60. Pathetic. This car was so slow, I thought I was driving an old Ford Taurus. This car is about $37k grand loaded. Anyone who buys this cars knows nothing about cars, doesn't really like to drive, and just wants the Mercedes badge. This is the most expensive and slowest car in its class. I've heard the less expensive C230 is faster. Why would anyone buy this car? BMW, Infinti, Acura, Audi all make comparable cars with better performance. And I've read it's not very reliable as well. This is not a sports sedan. Don't kid yourself.
This is a fine vehicle that has been extremely dependable with well-thought-out creature comforts and ergonomics. It is acceptably fast and really does respond well when you stomp on it. The brakes are great. The traction control does work admirably in show, although without traction control the car should be better in snowy conditions, even considering that it is rear wheel drive. Fit and finish are generally pretty good. The trunk is very spacious for a car of this size.    Gripes? The interior feels a bit plastic and 'Japanese' compared to older Benzes -- I think one area DC needs to pay attention to is their interior material quality and design. I don't like the way the radio adjusts for speed and couldn't figure out how to override it. There is not *quite* enough room for a 6+ footer for long trips -- if only there was a bit more headroom and the seat slid back 2 more inches.... I also agree that Tele-Aid is pretty much worthless. They were unhelpful and the time I really needed it, their network of helpful technicians ready to come to my aid 24/7 was one lonely guy in the local dealership who was hours late because he had to go unlock an M Class first. Hardly first rate service. Dealer customer service is middling to poor. Service is generally good, sales is... well MB sales... haughty and holier-than-thou. But what else is new?    If I had to do it over again, I'd go for something a bit larger, perhaps an E500 or and S Class.
I just completed a 3-year lease term.It was the worse vehicle I have ever possessed.My radio and cd-changer was replaced twice.Tele-system was replaced,needed new battery,sunroof was inop,driver's side window controller broke,both parking brake cables sheared,noise from front and rear suspension,front directional signals kept shorting out,driver's side vanity mirror illumination inop.To make matters worse dealership was not efficient or friendly.This is my second Mercedes-Benz in 6 years and my last.
We have been test driving cars recently and I talked my partner into trying the C-240. We had just left driving an 01 BMW 323i. I felt being both base model automatics the two would make a fair comparison. Wow! Was I wrong. I think BMW makes a great product but I was literally bored driving the 323 and I left with a disappointing impression. However, the C-240 gave me the feeling one would expect for spending this kind of dough. Features blew the beemer away, the ride was more comfortable, tighter and the engine felt more responsive than the 323i. Interior finishes were beautiful, and though it drove and handled like a small car it felt like a larger Benz!
My first MB. I love the car. It has run very well for me. Good acceleration/braking/ride/handling. I got mine with the C2 and C3 packages along with the CD changer. I was terrified at first to drive such an expensive car, but now I really enjoy my time behind the wheel. It won't bowl anyone over with 0-60 times, but it has plenty of power for every day driving situations. I am disappointed that the car gets such poor mileage on the required premium gas.
I think with its exceptional built quality and many convenience extras which come standard, this car is worth a 5 star.  The SOS GPS is a plus.  It should a standard in every car in the future, in my opinion.
THE CAR IS VERY NICE TO BE HONEST BETTER THAN I EXPECTED
I would recommend this car to anyone, for the money its a great car!! You can't go wrong with mercedes. For those who want more power wait for the C32 Kompressor, 352 hp....
Safety, quality and the prestige of a 3-point star on the hood are just icing on the cake when you experience how it drives.  If you have the means I do recomend picking one up.
As for a first car purhcase, I've found the C230 Kompressor an attractive buy.  Even though with a $32K end of year sale purchase price, the car is not exactly cheap in comparison to some of it's competitors.  If you're considering quality and high resale value.  I do recommend giving the 2000 C230 Kompressor SE some thought.  The SE, which stands for Special Edition, bundles the Sports and Sun/Moon Roof package together.  A decent bargain when you compare it to purchasing each option separately.  Although, if you're willing to spend $32K on this car, $5K more should give you a more refined engine found in the C280's V6(without the annoying start-up and acceleration sounds) along with an automatic climate control unit and better Bose Audio system.  If you're looking for a car with an easy and relatively inexpensive maintenance record, I would suggest looking outside the MB family of cars.  Unless you have a great relationship with a mechanic, parts and labor on this car are not cheap.  This is one expense I do not look forward to putting in my budget.When it comes right down to it, if you're looking for a name that stands for quality in make and finish, the Mercedes-Benz has a strong history in that department.  The resale value of this car for the past couple of years have been consistently high in comparison to its competitors.  But I highly recommend re-evaluating the motives behind your car purchase especially when it comes to the C230 Kompressor.  I bought this car because it is not showy.  It is a refined car with an understated level of elegance.  If I considered a car for pure driving experience, I would've looked at the BMW or Audi instead.  The C230 Kompressor to me is more of a touring car made for everyday 'normal' driving.  It is not to say, the car can not be pushed for phenomenal performance because it can.  I enjoy the car because it is a MERCEDES.  The name itself speaks volumes to me.  Just evaluate your inner-desire for the car you wish to purchase especially when you cross the $30K threshold.
Yes this car would suit anyone who wants a new car. You paywhat you get for.If you want a amazing luxury sound system thenWABOOM!
$34,000 and I would not recommend this car or any Mercedes product for that matter.
Close to $34K. Added the sport package and moonroof/passenger electric seat/60/40 split rear package.I believe the sports package is a good deal for the amount of features you get for the price.  I believe the moonroof/etc package is overpriced.I added the 6 changer cd after, but had to haggle with the dealer over a period of 3 weeks to get him to give me a decent price given they messed up on the trade in.As far as the car itself, no major complaints, it has the MB quality and mystique.  But along with that comes the MB sales model: 'MB has taken the profit out of the car and so we have a no haggle price'  Basically, you pay MSRP.  I managed to pay alittle less than that because I went to my Credit Union's carstore who has a relationship with them.  If that is the case, then why the 'fixed price'?  Buyer beware!Now that I have experience the MB pricing model, will I recommend the car? If you like the quality, mystique, prestige, yes.  If you want 4 wheels to get around, no, there are better options with better all around value.
I traded a 2002 180 elegance in for the 2003 180K. Essentialy the same car, but much more performance from the kompressor, better fuel consumption and and an even bigger pleasure to drive. No faults after 6 months of driving - fitted Bi-xenon lights / sunroof / Cell kit - will Never drive anything else but a Mercedes. Handling, functionality and solidness is very good. Orbit service in Minerton Cape Town is above average. Car is now 6-months old [10 000 km's] and only took to workshop for wheel alignment test - all is fine.
First Mercedes. Excellent ride. Have read problem reviews and can't believe they are driving the same car. This car rides great. Have not had a single problem. The dealership in Lexington has provided excellent service as well. This won't be the last MB I buy.
I bought this car in Nov of 2002 and simply love it. I did lots of research before buying it. I got it specially ordered since i wanted all the options. I added Parktronic and the Euro TV tuner and Nokia 6310i phone options from europe so I essentially have a fully loaded C class. The ride is lovely but I have the 17' rims and the 16' rims are definitly smoother. 17 looks much better. No problems from my car and it's been almost a year. Dealership service is great. Very freindly people. Best car I have owned so far.
I have had nothing but problems with this car since the first week I got it. I bought the car brand new so I know everything was fine the day I bought it. I have also recieved bad service and treatment at my local Mercedes-Benz dealership. First off my sunroof stopped working, in the middle of a rainstorm. The sunroof wouldn't close, so I had to drive it to my dealership with an umbrella hanging through the sunroof. One day I was on the freeway and my engine started shaking and the car wouldn't go over 60 mph. My back brake light went out already! My gas gauge broke. I took it into the shop for all these problems, they kept the car for 5 days. I got the car back and the sunroof still doesn't work and the gas gauge is still broken. My brake assistant light keeps going on. When they had my car at the dealership they banged up the back bumper, they tore one of my leather seats, they tore the pannel in my passanger door and now my radio doesn't go off when I turn the car off. What else could go wrong. Well I'm sick of this, even though the car is beautiful it's a piece of junk and Mercedes won't do anything about it. I'm now going to buy a Cadillac Escalade, hopefully they'll be more dependable.
2003 C230 Kompressor Sport Sedan, Optional Equipment: 5-Spd. Automatic Transmission, Premium Sound System, Factory Installed CD Changer, Heated Front Seats and the C2 Value Added Package (Autodimming Dr & Rrvw Mirror, Rain Sensor, Glass Sunroof, Power Rear-Window Sunshade)Magma Red with Charcoal Leather Inserts.
$33,000  Recommend it. No reliability problems never been in the shop, love the car. Ultra refined.
I had to be talked into buying this car. Was looking at Chrysler/Ford as a result of auto accident. I LOVE this car. Have driven most all the various offerings in the auto world at one time or another; they do not compare. Will always drive MB from now on.
I really like this car. I have owned several new Hondas and loved their refinement and ride. No offense, but the Mercedes is in a whole nother league. Which it should be I guess for the difference in price. Anyhow, the car rides super smooth, you can barely feel it running at a stop light, and the brakes are superb. The only thing....with those great brakes come brake dust. Which there is alot of. Other than that I have no complaints. This car is loaded with little gadgets that most cars dont even come with. It will be hard to pry me out of a Benzo for now on. Before I bought this car, I test drove BMW 3 series and a Lexus 300....I like this car much better those two.
I love the car, its a joy to drive and acceleration is quick and even.   I drive way to fast and the car maintains and handles well.
An enjoyable drive. The Sport package with full leather, sport suspension, carbon fibre interior, and 6-spoke rims is understated cool.  This car is very quiet and smooth riding at high speeds, handles well, and gets 37 mpg. The 200 ft lbs of torque really moves this Civic-sized car.  I think this car will appeal to those who want a safe, quiet, well-built, prestigious yet understated near luxury sedan. Compared to the 2001 model, the C230 has more horsepower and torque, better fuel economy, and better performance figures than the new C240.
Nice car, very fast with Kompressor engine, seats could be better as not too comfortable, stereo is average, reliability is high, Traction control along with snow tires make it an acceptable winter car. space in back a tad tight.
This is the most solid vehicle I have ever owned. I traded in my late model corvette, so this was a big change. I will never own another GM product again. After reading the posted reviews and many people think MB repairs are expensive. I had a light bulb go out on my radio in my vette, the radio must be removed by the dealer, sent away to be fixed with a price tag of over $300.00 (FOR A LIGHT BULB??)this is not covered by warranty). I am use to power and the kompressor engine is strong. The ride is excellent and great value for the dollar. I bought this used and the repair history was only a minor clicking in a fan switch at 9k. If you are looking for a great value and tired of the cheap plastic look alike cars then this is the way to go.
The C280 is not a sports car but its 2.8 liter engine has no problem cruising at 80mph on safe highways.    The Flex Service System (FSS) does away with traditional 3000-mile oil changes. Flex Services on the C280 are every 10,000-20,000 (365-750 days).    A well engineered automobile ruled by extraordinary safety features. Add the moonroof, CD/Bose audio system, and obvious style, and you have a winner.
Buitiful Car. This car handles well and is quick to boot. The supercharged engine starts to make the ponies at approx 6k rpm. Nice sport coupe with the same engine as the slk230 kompressor. Was considering buying a 2002 Lexus 300I for 33k; glad I did not. Much better deal on the slightly used benz. Car is still under 50K factory warranty. Anyone who has driven a german car will realize there is just no comparison with a japanese car. Whole other ball game. A used german car may just be the best bang for your buck. Buy one slightly used and save $$$$.
This is an update to a very positive review we wrote shortly after we purchased the car.  Having now owned the car for 2 years, a different view exists.This car is not worth the money.  Its underbuilt and a far cry from past MB's we've owned.
TO DRIVE ONE OF THESE CARS IS A MISTAKE TO ANYONE NOT BEING ABLE TO OWN ONE. BENZ WITH MUSCLE. WHAT MORE CAN YOU SAY. PITY ONLY 1000 CARS AVAILABLE FOR NORTH AMERICA
The new ones are around 54K but dealers sometimes want as much as 60K.  This is perhaps a bit too high but I think the AMG name will help the vehicle hava a higher resale.I recommend the car to car enthusiasts.
I don't know why everyone says mercedes cars are realible. When I got this thing it broke. Luckly it was just after 3 days I got it, and it was under warrenty. Those idiot mercedes machanics didn't fix it right the first, or second time which pissed me off. Furthermore when I got the car back, it mysteryiously had 1000Km added to odometer! That really got me angry.However, I'm sure that this didn't happen to all the mercedes cars, and I was probably unlucky to get a flawed one. To be fair I didn't have any problems with the car after the repairs. I still say the service sucked though.
Paid around 37K for my car, and it hasn't been worth it. I'm a 20 something driving enthusiast and have a need for speed, along with driving class and prestige. My analysis is that although riding in the front is cushy, riding in the back is harsh, and the Bimmer offers better back seat comfort, although the Audi is about just as tight as the Benz. BMW smokes the other two in performance in fun. My two cents is that anybody who wants some thrills best go for the BMW. If you can stretch the pocket book, go for the S4, or (dare I say) the new M3. Test drove the S4. What a blast!
34K. Highly overpriced.Less quality than Toyota . Interior pieces say CHEVY Cavalier, too much cheap looking plastic. Hope to soon replace it with BMW or Lexus. Do not and will not recommend to anyone. 
The price for this vehicle ran about 31K. If you're in the market for something different, something fun, and a fairly smart four-door you might want to consider slipping a Kompressor in your garage. Basically you have to go and check out the car and just try them out. The line and end choice is baised on personal preference.
Over all the car has great safety and its great looking.A good thing is that it will start in any condition cold,hot it will start.Its a great car.
This is a phenomenal all around car, but it NEEDS a 6 speed manual as an option.  It is not a car for the timid; it can really get away from you.  The power is instant and can really startle the unknowing driver.  My wife did not like driving the car for the first six months we had it (now she loves it and is always asking to take it).The car begs to go fast, at 85mph it is just screaming to be unleashed.  A quick blip of the throttle and you are at 100mph.  You really need to hold back and control you right foot.I've spent some time with the BMW 540, BMW M5, BMW M3, and Audi S4.  The M3 ('98) is a bit more 'precise' in handling, but is no longer available in 4 door.  Off the line the M3 ('98) will beat the C43, but once you are over 40... forget it the C43's power kicks in and you are history.It has been a great daily driver for just over the last year, never a problem with over 15K miles logged to date.  (given my summer car is a 993TT, those 15K miles were compressed into ~7months)I will probably trade mine in for a BMW M5 for the additional room and the 6 speed.
Bought it new. Now has over 81,000 miles. Do a good mix of back roads even gravel roads, and interstate driving, from flat to mountainous terrain, from crowded to very little traffic. Performance has been consistent and excellent. Mileage usually around 27 mpg, when averaging about 75-80 mph. Cruise control keeps it very steady. Have had it at 130 mph without a groan and feeling like silk. Goes where it's pointed and stops when asked.  ABS employed twice and worked as expected. As 95% of my driving is alone, back seat is not an issue, but when it was used, passengers raved, but they weren't over six feet tall, either. I've had numerous 10-hour drives where I've been discomfited only by the length of the drive, not by the car. Needless to say, lesser drives are no problem at all; very comfortable. Service at James Motors, Lexington, KY, excellent and D. Patrick in Evansville, IN, has been fine. FSS is a real plus. This particular model has a perciptibly different look due to the front air dam and lower side moulding, which makes it appear more sporty.  The fit and finish is excellent, but can't avoid little stone chips following coal trucks. Not visible to anyone except me when washing it. Radio is a pleasant surprise when considering the antenna is in the bumper. Split rear seat has been handy a time or two. Automatic climate control works as expected and can be adjusted manually to suit needs. Single wiper works well in a deluge, but the intermittent speed is a bit too lengthy between swipes. Rear windows go all the way down and the sunroof tilts, slides, and between the windows and the roof, any combination of airflows can be done, if one doesn't want to use the climate control. But, the roof can be opened in February and the heat keeps a body warm.
This car delivered what was expected regarding its vault-like build quality and is entertaining to drive though vague when it comes to directional stability. It's reasonably quick. The diesel-like sound of the engine noted by others gets quiet upon warmup. The devil lies in the details, however. The power driver's seat developed squeaks within the first year. The dealer fixed the problem by replacing the seat back frame and the power mechanism. The car was at the dealer for two weeks awaiting parts. Noise eminating from the high center-mount brake light was repaired. Several months later, excessive front tire wear began to be noted. Then the front manually adjustable passenger's seat started squeaking over minor pavement undulations. Two attempts were made at 'trimming' seat parts until the noise subsided. The air-conditioning failed. It was tested, the drier was replaced and the system was deemed to have been fixed. That lasted about a week and a half until it again blew only warm air. The second repair attempt revealed a leak which was repaired and seems to have fixed the problem. During a recent 1300 mile journey a rhythmic droning noise and vibration became apparent. It has gotten progressively worse to the point where it can be felt through the wheel, the accelerator and through the seat of one's pants. At low speed one can feel this 'gear-mesh' pulsing vibration slowing the vehicle when coasting. Sounds expensive. I wisely purchased an extended warranty, so it just means more time spent in a cheap, free loaner vehicle for me. I was given an appointment for service 8 days from when I called and was asked whether I intended to continue operating the vehicle in its current condition. I said that I would garage it until I brought it in and drive my old pickup until then. If my experience is common then that explains why there are so many late model, low-miles Mercedes-Benzes on the used car market...they spend so much time in the shop the owner is afforded little opportunity to rack up much mileage!
Outstanding Performance. I had the engine souped up to 340-hp. This really made it go like a bat. 
Overall this has been a great car. The 2.8 V6 performs well. Handling could be a little more responsive (should have bought the sport package, but the dealers didn't have any in Silicon Valley). Wife likes the Mercedes name. There was a long waiting list when I tried to buy my car in 1998. Most of the dealers in the Bay Area were not that helpful (notable exception was Hacienda in Pleasanton). I ended up buying through a broker (www.hammerauto.com) who found the exact model and color I wanted in 1 day. The car was shipped from a dealer in So. Cal. in about 1 week, and the broker took care of all the paperwork and negotiation - best buying experience I have had. Got a nice discount off list, and great financing rate from Mercedes USA Credit.The car has been perfectly reliable (only have 22K miles on it) - a local dealer performed the first service for free, and I've had a couple of oil changes (one even at the local Firestone shop which is more convenient for me). Engine warning light came on once, but went out after a day.Gas Mileage is about 16-18 around town and 20-22 on the Freeway (depending how fast you drive). Even though this car was more expensive than the competitors of its size, it will probably be cheaper to own in the long run due to better resale values.If I was replacing the car now, I would look at the new C320 (drove the 260 and it doesn't have enough power), Audi A6 2.8TT, Volvo S60, BMW 330, Jag S-Type. If you don't need the cachet of a luxury name plate the VW Passat 2.8V6 is a great buy - solidly built, looks and drives great, and performs almost as well as the Mercedes and $1000's less.
$33K No because you could by some other Japanese cars with 6 cylinders and all the little gadgets that this car offers for about the same price. Everything in the Benz was great except the interior styling and the little ammenities it had to offer. I had few problems with it and the build quality is superb. The 4-banger was nice and quiet and had nice acceleration.
I have had this car for about 2-1/2 years and it has been such a mixed experience for me.  I like the car for its sporty character and overall build quality, but I also had many quality problem with this car.  I took my car to shop more than 10 times during 2 year period to fix problems like engine warning light (2 times), wheel alignment and other electrical problems.  The latest problem is very weird and disturbing.  The car will open all the doors, windows and sunroof by itslef while in parking.  The dealer tried to fix the problem three times and they don't have a clue what the source of the problem is.  Pitty, it could been a real fine automobile if without those flaws.  I'm very disappointed with Mercedes and I would never buy it again.
$41k.  The first time I drove this car I was amazed.  If you can deal with the 'character' of the car, it is simply the best $41k car made.  It handles like a gazelle, it stops, it moves, ride quality is OK, ergonmics are superb.  Compared to my BMW 5-series, this is a better automobile.  Its just not for me.Only thing keeping it from a 5 overall are the materials and under-the-surface build quality are not what they used to be.
$ approx. 32,000
Bought this car at a 'steal' price from a former dot-com employee. Wow, am I impressed with this car. Nothing that I have previously owned compared with it. It has over 100,000 miles, but who cares? At the price I paid for it, it is a fantastic buy.
Great car!  I have not had one issue in 56,000 miles.  Love the sound of the engine (vs. previously owned Infiniti aand Acura) Extreme confidence at 100mph.  Very happy with my pirchase over the BMW-Mainly because it is more unique than the 3 Series
It has been a mixed experience.  The car drives and performs extremly well for a four cylinder automobile.  Exterior noise is hardly noticable, and the fit and finish are top notch.  There have been a few very expensive and frequent problems with this car. I would not recomend it to someone that wants a reliable car.  Carefully weigh the prestige of a Mercedes against the surprising lack of integrity for such an expensive automobile.
I got this car for my 16th birthday and have had moderate trouble with it. I bought the car for $7500 with a blown head gasket and a bad transmission linkage, all fixed under warranty. I am currently trying to deal with a bad air conditioner. I took it into the local auto repair shop, and they recharged the freon (sp) and the problem persists. I have to take it to the nearest Benz dealership (45 miles) and get it serviced. I need a tune up anyway. But all in all, it is a great little car. It gets decent gas milage when I don't drive with a lead foot. It has a good audio system. I like the idea of vinyl instead of leather, leather tends to crack and look ugly. Vinyl lasts a pretty long time.    It has had its problems, but I paid $7500 for a $12000 car. That is pretty good considering there are people around here wanting $7500 for 1991-94 Cadilacs.
I must admit that I really enjoyed my 190E 2.6, until some idiot rear ended it. I had 145K miles on it with no breakdowns or real trouble in 8 years of driving. Got the Maxima, it was okay and never had any trouble but after owning a Mercedes I just could not stand driving 'Just another plastic car' so it had to go after 3 years.Overall the C280 is a much better car than the 190E, compared to the Maxima it feels a lot more solid and gives the impression of driving a well built safe car, a real plus with my significant other.After 3 years of driving I have had no problems with the car. The dealer has always treated me with respect and courtesy whenever I take my car in for a service. The service costs are a little higher than you average Q-Lube but they drive me to work and pick me up while the service is being done and always clean the car in and out.I added the CD player myself. MB unit was a little pricy! The MB unit is an Alpine Changer so all you need is the addapter harness. Wth the right harness it plugs in and can be controlled just like the MB unit.The car has plenty of power and driving at 80+ on the highways is effortless.Cornering and control is just what you would expect from a smallish relatively high powered sedan. You have to push it pretty hard to get into trouble but it gives you plenty or warning befor you are in trouble.The Bose sound system is pretty good for a car stereo and the speed sensitive volume works so well you don't notice it.My only complaint is road noise, this car is very quiet but compared to the bigger MB it lets in a bit more noise from the outside.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a real Benz on budget.I would probably score this a 4 but there seems to be some low scores here so I will give it a 5.
ON A LEASE...THIS CAR RAN $446.00 PER MONTH THRU MERCEDES BENZCREDIT CORP. THEY ARE A LITTLE STRICT IN KEEPING PAYMENTS TOTHE EXACT DATE....OTHERWISE I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS CAR HIGHLY.
I'm very concerned with the wind problem. It's great on a calm day. I'm persuing the problem at the moment. I don't think the car has ever been damaged, so I'm confused about the possible cause of the instability. It's difficult owning an entry level model and expecting to get good service. I get treated a bit like a 2nd class customer. I guess I shoulda bought an 'S' class........maybe my problem would be solved by now.
Absolutely smooth and silent ride even after it being 10 years old. People riding in sometimes get confused if the car is on or not :). Great amount of power and fast acceleration. I did 2 services at MB dealer, did cost some money to replace worned out brakes and transmission belt (but that it very obvious considering its 10 years old), but its advantage keeping the car serviced at MB dealer. It is much better in performance than the new C230, I found to have faster acceleration on my car and also the great sporty engine roar.  I have maxed the speed of about 145mph in it, without any modifications to the engine. Good thing to remember is that it has very high compression ratio of 10, which is higher than present C230. Thus, premium gas is a must, also it is better to add octane booster once in a while to clean the engine and also to get better performance. Overall a superb german car.
Absolutely solid as a rock. It still starts on the first turn of the key even in sub-zero tempatures. I have over 96,000 miles on it and have only one complaint. The rotors on the brakes wore out at around 45,000 miles. Admittedly, that was 85% city driving. Other than that, the car runs without a flaw. This is even after being sideswiped by a drunk and having $7,500 worth of repairs done. Periodically, I think about a new car but then I think about how reliable my C220 has been and just smille.
When I first bought my black Mercedes-Benz C220 from the showroom and drove it out with this new car smell, I fell in love with it. The car gave me no problems so far. I have put 87,000 miles on it and it still gave me no problems. My black C220 still looks like a new car, because I kept it detailed every week, and I perform a regular scheduled maintenance service without missing any. I do my oil change lubrication every 4,000 miles eventhough it tell me to do it at 7,500 miles. I take this Mercedes-Benz to Smythe European Authorized Mercedes dealer everytime I am due in for a service, they treat me very well. I have all the service records including invoices in my maintenace book stamped. Overall rating I give my Mercedes an excellent rating and I will be a Mercedes-Benz customer for life.
The worst car I have had in over 35 years of motoring was a 1995 Mercedes-Benz (Merc)C280 with all the bells & whistles. It cost me £36,000 which equated then to $54,000!! Yes in the UK cars are a lot dearer. The dealers though, judging by some of the reports here, are just as bad as in the US. When I collected the car it had loud speakers missing from the door trim ( found later in the trunk) scratches where the aerial had been fitted  -  because in 1995 a radio was a cost option on a Merc! and at $750 dollars for a basic radio was a rip-off. Other defects abounded. The driving experience was dull - overall then a poor buy. I've since found Lexus and have no complaints. Long live Toyota! I hear that the build quality of the latest Mercs is questionable - UK cars are built in a Merc factory in South Africa ( they also drive on the left hand side of the road ) so maybe US cars are built in Germany still? - which beggars the question 'why are there so many complaints about the inferior build quality of these cars?' Winston Churchill said affectionately of GI's in England during WWII ' They're over-paid, over-sexed and over-here' I could paraphrase that and say - the three pointed star is over-rated, over-priced and every-where! 
My dad bought this car when I was 7 years old, I'm 16 now, and he gave it to me. I wouldn't know, but he says it drives as well as it did the day he bought it. All I know is that this is the single most incredible car I've ever driven. At 9 years old, it still looks gorgeous, and rides like a cloud. Even beats a new C Class in ride and driving experience.
Wonderful ride for a little car. Has had a series of problems which are expensive to fix. It now has 112000 miles and should go for a long time.
BMW has overrated reviews, overrated comment.  I think BMW has more problems than Merc. many electric problem.  weak engine.  too many small (useless) options, even like interior lights. so I ended up buying the car with high proce because of some options like sport package and premium package(I think BMW can combine those two options into one option).  the bimmer is pretty good, but I was expecting much more than what I paid for because of those overrated reviews from car magazine(at least two bmw cars always end up top ten cars of the year).  Even though my merc is over 5 years,  I rather drive my merc.  I am sure I have to sell that merc pertty soon, but I rather buy another merc than bmw.   
Brakes make a two tone noise when weather is damp. Audio system has failed after getting car back from B service. Dealer performed a flash upgrade. Two days later the audio system sizzled and crackled and failed to respond to any channel selection. CD player failed to engage until I hit the button several times. Turned the unit off and it took 15 seconds to turn off. Turned back on and message on radio said error accessing audio system. Ride is becoming choppy. Wind and exterior noise. The car is in the shop addressing problems for the 3rd time in 4 weeks. SOS defective problem was addressed by replacing the instrument cluster. After the last call from service, the radio problem may never get fixed because they cannot reproduce.. My 3rd Mercedes since 1999. An E320 and an ML320, both great vehicles. After this experience, I'm going to look at BMW or Lexus the next time!
In a nutshell... this car has been a technilogical nightmare. The computer system that operates the airbag (SRS) system has failed twice where the entire system has to be replaced. Each time it's taken nearly 2 weeks. I was provided a replacement vehcile by the dealership, however it was typically a C240... not quite the E500 I'm paying for. There had been one other time SRS light came on. This time with random other electric problems. It didn't require computer replacemnt however I was once again without my car for nearly a week.    I asked the factory to buy the car back from me as I felt that three times having the SRS not working warrented a substantial safety issue and was told by the service manager at Fletcher Jones that MBUSA doesn't think that the SRS failing doesn't warrent a substantial failure in the safety functions of the car and that it wouldn't fall under the CA Lemon Law provision.    I wouldn't recommend this car. I wouldn't recommend this dealership. I don't know what happened to quality with Mercedes-Benz but evidently, it's been lost.
Thanks we leased it for 5 years with ext warranty, after that we definitely return it to dealer. The 1st year we have been visiting the workshop for more than 7 times and the car had to stay over 1 week at workshop. It started from Tele Aid navigation malfunction on the instrument cluster, replaced instrument from Germany. Then the audio connections were error several times, the alarm system triggered error signals several times to Tele Aid Response Center, our credit card were charged automatically for the airtime even though we did not use the service and annual fee $ 240 was not included the air time. We feel inconvenience for their service. We recommend to lease it instead of buy it.
This car has had problems from day one. Suspension (the car pulls to the right), the telephone system has never worked satisfactrily and the navigation system can not be installed. A sad story all together for this once proud car. I am taking them to court. If you have any similar story, or have taken them to court, love to hear from you.
Car has 1 electrical problem after another. The electronic transmission struggles to deside what gear it wants to be in. The electronic accelerator has such a delay when accelerating hard from a stop, that it is actually dangerous. My radio cuts out at will, my seat belt restraints malfunctioned,  the alarm went off two times when the car was in the garage. The radio has went on when the car is parked, locked, with out a key. etc. etc. The car has been in the shop at least 7 times. They have replaced the radio, upgraded software many times, changed the seat belt module. And the car still is not right. If MB wants to charge 50K+ (take it or leave it), they should get it right, or refund my money. I would like a business that I could sell products for 50K+ that did not work properly!
Very nice looking from the outside and nice inside the only downside is no cup holders everything works fine in it
The new model e-class is a nightmare I have had mine for about15 months and it has been going in and out of the workshop For the last 13months. First it was the SRS light, then suspension, lower arm, engine oil light and more. Its been in the garage at least twice a month. Its still there as I write they want to change the engine but I have had enough. Taking them to court in about two weeks the pain and inconvinience is unbearable, know a couple of people complaining about the new E-class. Its a problematic car.
I love this car. I added a little thump to the trunk to make the system sound better. It handles very well, nice styling, smoooooth acceleration. I can't wait to use it in the winter. I got the Starmark warranty so the only thing I have to do is breaks and tires for the next 4 years. Even though the car is 2 years old and with 40k miles you would never know it. Best car I have ever owned.
DO NOT BUY a 02 MB C240. This car is an absolute Nightmare. I have had over 20 Tail Lights replaced, 3 transmitters, 3 Window Shade Motors, 2 Sunroof Switches, Windshield Wiper Motor, Numerous Window Switches, Numerous Front and Rear Tail Lights, Rotors at 8,000 Miles, Rear Window Antenna Twice, Poor Radio Reception because of Recall. I have sued MB under lemon law and the dealership owner took my Rental Car rights away. They refuse to buy the car back. The Regional rep who has since been demoted told me MB only buys cars back they are unable to fix. Keeler is awful to deal with. Service is very acomodating, but THEY SHOULD BE AFTER I HAVE BEEN BACK FOR SERVICE over 45 times in less then 20 months. I also was driving on Highway at 70 in rain storm and wipers just stopped.
This is the third Merc I bought in two years. Ml 320, SLK 230, The E is a great car, sport is the best one to have and I love the ride, gas mileage and comfort.   Dealer stinks. Both dealers in San Diego could care less how many cars you bought from them. They give the worst service ever. They even gave me a Sentra loner when I brought my SL 500 in!!!  Might switch to a real service company next time. They just don't care. I even wrote to MBUSA and they didn't care at all.
Nice car over-all, and sport model turns heads. 430 motor has strong acceleration, and strong handling. Feels very safe.     On the other hand, the car has under 20k miles and already transmission seals have needed replacing. Bose system is the worst I've ever owned. It frequently cannot talk with trunk-based CD changer, and sounds aweful in general. Friend with e320 has similar problems. Infrared remote is weak and requires close proximity.
This car is the worse car that I had in my life.   The problem appeared in the first day that I drove off the lot and it constantly had one problem after the next.  -	The engine mount was collapsed. The engine vibration pounded through the chassis.  -	The remote control key broken. The car sometime did not respond.  -	Rattle in the dash, sunroof and doors  -	The CD changer lost tracks and sound.  -	The transmission control unit failed, causing rough engine at idle  -	Brake/ESP sensors failed 3 times in 2 years  -	The engine air flow meter failed. The car stopped responding to the gas pedal position.  -	Fuel sensor failed. The gauge never showed full tank even it was full.  -	The alignment is off causing uneven tires wear  -	The brake is over bitten on light brake in the front, it made the nose to dive  -	The brake rotor wrapped at 25K miles causing the car to vibrate during the brake being applied.      Also, it had a very lousy cup holder. The NAV is so clumsy to operate.  I gave up this car after 3 years of pain and headache.
Excellent car. Rides very nicely. It is very luxurious. It goes fast. The car has great handling and fits my needs. It not only has a very nice and smooth ride but it is also very safe to be in. It has many safety features. A very great and recommended car. 
this car sucks, I had to tranny work 1 year after I purchased it!
Car drives fantastic, excellent acceleration, solid feel all around, holds the road wonderfully and performs extremely well in snow & icy weather.  This car is a perfect combination of a luxury feel and a sports car.  Two things I would note.  First, recently we have experienced a number of snow storms in the North East this season.  I had my car for four days when we got hit with a 12 inch snow storm.  My car actually came with 17' low profile tires which was unexpected.  I was not able to purchase snow tires for this season.  Anyway, I laughed to myself as I watched literally BMW's, Jaguars and Lexus automobiles sliding all over the place as well as being stranded on the road while the 4 matic all wheel drive just moved along without any problem.  I was very happy with the performance of the 4matic option.Second, with regards to performance, you won't get the head jerk acceleration or feel of a racecar (i.e. BMW, etc.), however, thats the amazing thing, this car kicks butt.  I am not only talking in the 0-60 range where the acceleration feels very smooth and relaxed but clocks in at  6.6 seconds, but what I found amazing was the incredible passing power above 60.  Case in point, it is very easy to drive 80 mph in this vehicle and not feel that you are going that fast.  However, you do feel the responsiveness of the road through the sterring wheel.  The other day, an SUV was driving by me and basically kept on challenging me to accelerate when he was doing 78 -82 mph.  I pretty much ignored the guy, but he kept on slowing down, and switching lanes and passing me to try to get my attention.  As I neared my house, I decided to press the accelerator about 2/3 of the way down.  I had the accelerator already down 1/3 to begin with.  Within 2 seconds, I was doing 110 and the car didn't even waiver or feel that it was losing any control.  As a matter fact, the car was hugging the road so well it was asking me to go faster, but I drew the line.  I am not advocating that this car is meant to speed or that you should try to do this, however, this car is made to run on the autobahn, and its nice to know you have the power if you need it.  There are a lot of other nice features in this car which I won't go into, however, I reviewed about 10 vehicles before deciding on getting this one.  I am very happy with the choice I made.
We chose this car mainly because of its better safety features.  Less problems than BMW.  Great interior space.  Very happy with it.
Very nice car.
The E320 is very impressive with all the luxury features you can think of. The car has a little bit of power available whenever you want it but keep in mind that this is a heavy car, which is the compromise if you want luxury. The thing i was most curious about was why Mercedes didn't make climate control airconditioning as standard equipment. All those Audi's and BMW's have standard climate control aircon in every one of their cars. I had to get mine fitted optional.   The ride is very firm but mine has sports suspension, another dealer option.   The tires that came with the car weren't exactly spectacular so i changed to 17inch mags and Falken FK-451 tires which work wonders and grips the road firmly.
A total lemon. I did like the car, but I had problem after problem.    MB did not want to assume any responsibility.  They just wanted to keep trying to fix it.
A solid car needs human touch.
I love this car.  It is beautifully engineered and styled.  It runs like a scalded dog and handles marvelously.  The Goodyear Eagle F1 GSD2 tires are a bit noisy around town and on the highway. Overall, I would highly recommend this car.
Best Merc I've ever experienced.
This is the Luxury sport sedan car to drive if you can afford.For about 4000$ difference, i would recommend to buy the E430 instead of the E320. Quiet, confortable, powerful and luxury. I love that car.Thanks to Mercedez for making that car. Good job.
A frustrating experience. Nice car, but too many problems requiring trips to the dealership. Reliability a big problem, always something going wrong. Worse than my Jaguar!
This car is a huge improvement over the older E-class, and the latest m.y. 2000 updates to the new E-class only makes it better. Unfortunately, the E-class seems better suited to owners with chaffeurs (coincidentally, many E-classes in Hong Kong are driven by chaffeurs). Overall, recommended, but if you are a serious driver, it is my recommendation to look at something else, perhaps a BMW or a used Alfa 164. This Mercedes is better suited to those who wish to be isolated from the road as much as possible.
My first and last Mercedes. Bought it because I wanted a station wagon it was supposed to be the best. What a disappointment.    It drives well, holds the road well, superb in snow and ice, especially with the ice tires I put on it in winter, is excellent on long journeys. Handling so much better than all those SUVs.    Still some irritating design features, see below. The heating and ventilation system is okay except you cannot get cool air from the vents and warm on your feet like in the Volvo and Range Rover. Top of the line Bose radio is not worth the money, Nav system not very good either. I had anticipated keeping this car for a very long time - I am tired of it after 4 years because of the constant trips to the shop.     Very relieved I decided to buy the extended warranty! At least I've only wasted time on repairing it, not my money!
I have never paid so much to receive so little. For more details feel free to e-mail me. I will list problems. Transmission quit while passing and put my life in danger. Command system burnt out. Vanity mirror falling off in my wifes lap. Xenon lights that I paid 1500 for cast terrible shadows when adjusted correctly and blind oncomming traffic when adjusted to where I can see the road at nite. Mercedes benz has given me every excuse in the book as to why the lights are unadjustable. My rear window has fallen into the door for no reason similar to the problem on most Chrysler cars the straps in the windows are plastic and doomed to fail one window at a time. The bushings in my shifter had worn out and needed to be replaced. My emergency get the hell into a dealer now light came on and forced me to spend the day at a Miami dealership, where after careful examination and 9 hours they assured me that it was just a faulty switch. I have already replaced rear bulbs half a dozen times and replaced one front fog light that filled up with water during a rain. The lug nuts and inner rims have been rudting since the first 6 months I owned this car. At 70,000 miles I have been through 5 sets of tires, The alignment has to be set every 6 months or the car eats the tires. By 50k miles I had had 3 complete brake jobs and even had to by 4 new rotors and of course none of this is covered by the fantastic 48000 4 year limited warranty. It goes on and on. Radio not working, CD player in trunk jamming. Daimler Chrysler has become Chrysler Daimler and lost all that it's German pride. Sadly,It is now a typically American car company with a German name. Don't be fooled.
A bit overpriced, but overall a very good car. The xenon light are a must, and the rain-sensing wiper is marvelous esp. since it rains here a lot. Love the power and the ability to move in-out of traffic easily. Voice-activated phone system need some refinement but still a great idea that usually works well. Standard wheels are low-profile adding to the beauty and function of the car.
We thought we loved our other Mercedes cars and do -- until this model.  We decided to get every option and are very happy we did.  Because of the Navigation system we never get lost, and because of the seats -- both front and back --the special heat and air for each seat, everyone is more than comfortable regarldess of where they sit.  The temp controls for each seat, the ability of the car to adjust to your body size and weight are incredible. Also, there are photos that show you how close you are to another car or object, including the rear, make parking a breeze.Additionally, this car has both standard and auto transmission, so of you are going slowly or up or down a hill, you can change from drive to a lower or higher gear. I could write a book on this fantastic vehicle. There are way too many improvements to write about here. It's more than worth the investment.  Take a test drive and see for yourself.Bravo and thank you, Mercedes Benz. Compared to more expensive vehicles, this one beats them all in every way.  
This is the car to drive if you have the money.
50-something. Absolutely recommended. It is a car for those who want a solid car with luxury features. It is not an off-road vehicle and is not as much as a gas hog as its competitors. It is comfortable, roomy and free of rattles and squeaks.
Paid a premium as there are a limited number of these cars imported every year. Recommend highly!! Lot's of fun when a loud muscle car is along side at a light and you can leave them sitting there!!
I have owned this car since 1999 (lease). I have had a few minor problems, and the rotors had to be replaced, but overall this car has been awesome. It has great handling and it is very comfortable on the inside. When my husband drives it, he says - 'this car is a machine' because it can accelerate fairly quickly in high speed (tip tronic). It has great handling around corners and during U-turns (I love this stuff). It's a very high-quality car and the audi service teams in both San Diego County and Ventura County have been great. You get treated like you are the most important customer at all times.
had only two minor problems for the past 3 years. catalytic converter made pingin noise... luckily it was still under warranty or it would have cost me over 2,000 bucks to repair it. overall the car still runs smoothly and comfortably as if it was still brand new.
Superb autobile. Excellent quiet ride. Everything one would expect in a Mercedes Benz.
Good all around sedan: comfortable, good power, handles well. Unfortunately, it is starting to fall apart at 5 years of age with only 48,000 miles on it. I expect american cars to have a short life span, but I thought german and japanese cars were higher quality and lasted longer.
Drives great, good power, very nice feel and nicely done interior   ...some minor electrical problems..the engine oil sensor is needs to be replaced. The trunk switch failed.   in cold weather the transmission stays in low gear until the car warms up...
If this type of car appeals to you, give the 'E' class a try, I do not think you will regret it.  It says style, breeding and class over and above the BMW, Jag, Lexus Etc.The interior has lots of room, is comfortable and has the all-important three 3 point seatbelts in the rear (for anyone with three children).  I think that the one thing that lets the interior down is the lack of suitably placed cup holders.  The rear ones are in the centre arm rest and can't be used when three are in the back.  The front ones are in the glove box, which is a bit of a stretch if you're under six foot.The boot is a little on the small size when you're en route to an airport but is otherwise adequate.It is effortless to drive, both in town and at speed. The car accelerates well after an initial flat spot.  Driving or being driven in this car gives a feeling of well being. This is a car for drivers who want the best of all worlds; prestige, performance and safety. I bought this car for my wife and family to use and I made the right decision.  
Would recommend strongly if you can afford the $70K.  It's very high performance, exclusivity, and a pleasure to drive all rolled up into one package.  Add to this that the automobile is manufactured by arguably the world's best, and it's hard not to want one if you can manage to afford one !!
Rides very nicely and softly. It is very luxurious.Moreover it has great handling and fits everybody's needs. It not only has a very nice and smooth ride but it is also very safe to be in. It has many safety features.Although it seems to be lout,after drivin' you feel the power,the rocket power which is awesome.None of the rivals can defeat that car both in acceleration and comfortable riding.I highly recommend this car!
got this car brand new when i was only 16 years old. ive been driving it for over 2 years now, and havent had any problems with it. it rides very comfortably and quietly (even when i race on the freeways at 100+ mph)... fastest i ever drove with this car was 145 mph, and it really felt like i was goin 80-90 mph...this is one of the safest car. oh yea, its hella fun when some teenagers with their super rice rockets (known as hondas, integras, etc) tries to out race me, when theyre trying to catch up, hehe...
This car is kind of expensive once you load it up with everything.  The 5 series does have a better suspension, but I guess you can't have everything.  This car does get a lot of looks, especially with the sports package and xenon lights, which are great.  Non-xenon lights just don't cut it anymore.  Rides kinda choppy on uneven surfaces and skips.  Not the thing you should see in a car of this caliber.  Brakes are excellent, which I can't say is true on an LS400.  Stereo is garbage too for a $60,000 car.  Comparing this 1999 car to a 1991 LS400 with Nakamichi puts this Bose to shame.  
I bought every option, so it was around $56,000.  I would highly recommend it.  However, the new S-Class looks really good, too.  If you want speed, the E55 is the fastest thing out there.  If you like a stiffer ride and want to feel the rode, stick with the BMW 5 or 7 series.
This is a family car.  It is neither a sports car nor a station wagon.  It's got decent power without being a race car.  Good road feel without jolting the passengers, and its really quiet.  Not quite my cup of tea.  I don't have kids yet so I still like my cars fast like the Lexus GS 400 or the BMW M5, but hey if you don't need tremendous power this is a very solidly built car, safer that a Volvo actually.
Car oozes quality. Quiet, powerful, stable, and precise - everything Mercedes is known for.
(1998 Model) - Excellent car
After you get over the initial price tag and have driven the car for a while you will see that you obtained 'value' for the price you paid. Best car I've ever driven
I've driven the E420 for over 3 years, and I put a set of 18' AMG Aero II monoblocks with Dunlop SP8000 235/18/40ZR tires to bring up the performance. At this setup alone, it transformed the handling completely, where I could make turns with much more confidence at any speed. The braking distance and feel is improved also. I found the original wheels and tires being too soft for my taste, although the original set of wheels are VERY comfortable. But please note that the ride suffers a bit with the 18' wheel. The sports package gives you 17' wheel, which may suit most people's needs.This car has incredible strength in power, sturdy chasis, and a very quiet engine (what MB is well known of). The E420 has an engine with 4 valves per cylinder, making it a 32 valve engine. The new E430 uses a 3 valve per cylinder engine, but are fitted with twin-spark plug. In my opinion, because the E430 engine has a flatter torque curve, it offers more torque available at low RPMs (than the E420), but the E420 runs happier at higher RPMs. Both models run similar in general, but I personally like the 4 valve per cylinder setup more.But no car's perfect; there are some improvements that I would like to see in the E-class cars. First is to have a heavier steering (like older Mercedes). Second, there are fair amount of road noise coming in to cabin, for some reason; but it is at an acceptable level. The strange thing is that you 'hear' the road noise, but don't 'feel' it, like 'Car and Driver' stated in their review.I've driven the BMW 540i, Lexus GS400, and Jaguar S-Type. They all have their strengh. It was an easy decision for me to buy the E420, since I only had the 540i to compare it with. But with the advanced Lexus GS400 availble now, it makes the buying decision a bit tougher. At this price range, if you prefer to drive with a car that has a good name and own it for over 10 years, consider the E420; if you're die-hard performance driver, consider the 540i; if you don't want to pay big bills for regular maintenance, but still want to have the luxury, consider the GS400. I'm not a big fan of Jaquar, but the S-Type has really evolved!But watch out, the Germans, the Japanese are coming strongly, and are really close now....
I purchased the car used with less than 12,000 mi. in July of 2000 (it came from Florida - probably from the Versace estate - plum color) for 37500.  A steal!  The mechanics of this car put other cars to shame.  Quiet, powerful, pinpoint handling.  You feel important in this car and have the ability to outrun most other cars on the road - not a good thing for the driving record as it is really easy to speed in this car (more like work to not speed).  I agree with the other post regarding the assessment against the GS400 and 540i.  This is my wife's everyday car and I wanted it to be sporty, fun and safe. Also, it had to be a reasonable family car.  It is clearly the best of the three for putting a car seat into.  We both miss having a manual transmission though.  The car would be utterly dangerous with one though.  One other note and it really swayed me.  I looked into an after market extended warranty.  The price for it was $1100 (4 years, up to 75K miles).  The price for a similar mileage GS 400 (a 1998 model year however) was $1000.  The price for a 97 540i with the same mileage - a whopping $1900.  As these prices are set using unbiased data, you really get insight into the reliability and cost of ownership of the various models. And finally, remember the Merc reputation for safety.  There is nothing, not a mini van nor SUV, that I would rather have my wife and daughter riding around in.  Now, off to get a C43 for me!! 
 I went to buy a new 2000 E430, I drove in three ocasions: twice in dealers, and the other one my friend's car. My conclusion, the E430 has a little bit more of lower rpms torque, but the E420's engines is much, much more smooth and you feel that the car is faster(not a lot faster). All E430's from 98 on, had their steering box changed for the US, people thought it was 'heavy'. For me the E430 steering felt just like an Expedition. I have a friend that works in Mercedes-Benz in Germany, he told me that the 4.2 liter was replaced for the 4.3 with the only objective of lowering their cost. The 4.2 engine is an expensive engine, it has 4 valves per cilynder and double overhead camshaft. The 4.3 engine, is the same block as the 6 and 12 cilinder.
Run away! Mercedes and BMW arrived late at the AWD party and all of their 4matics are horrible.
The car had alignment problems that required 3 trips back to the dealer, and the engine makes 2 strange noises that the dealer claims are normal. Net is I would not have bought the car had I known about the engine noise beforehand.
I believe that the American cars must be different, because my right-hand-drive car is working perfectly! In fact, it's engine is getting stronger and much smoother, and the auto shifter is a joy to use in manual mode. Very very pretty inside and out, though if you look closely under the door (who does that except car nuts like me? :p) there's a bit of cheap plastic (solid though). I've had one electrical issue which seldom crops up, but is there--if u hold signal indicator stalk down halfway, but turn e wheel the other direction, it'll sometimes stay on even after u release it. u've to press it down all the way again and release it before it'd stop. a little annoying but no problem. it doesnt happen if u're used to pushing e indicator down all the way (beyond the 'click' point) anyway.
I'm so happy to see this web site, very much happier when I first purchased the E500, Mine is having problems just like others and I know their pain, I'm very disapointed with the E500 and MB's quality itself, the funny thing is MB sale ref still denine all the problems, of course they just want to make the living, if you really want to know about the E500? please go to Service Dept. and talk to the E's owners instead of the Sale, there are not very happy with it.
This new E class is a nightmare. I bought an E500 and have had nothing but problems with it. The major problems were mostly electrical with my car in the shop for almost 2 months(about 50 days) and they ended up redoing the entire electical system. Problem started with the SRS light which then moved to the radio and then affected the entire electical system. The car also had a serious alignment issue(moving to the right) and the dealership said they redid the front suspension. I am now in the process of pursuing MB with a lemon law attorney.
I'm a salesman driving about 800 miles/week so I was looking for a comfortable car to travel long distances at high speeds.  I also had to have a car that fits 4 200+ lb guys.  This seemed like the best option out there in the price range.  
I WOULD RECOMMEND  THE E CLASS. I THINK IT IS THE BEST OVERALL SIZE AND PRICE IN ITS CATEGORY. I LOOK FORWARD TO THE CLK COUPE.
I was shopping for a used E320 but ended up with this with only 21K miles and still under warranty, a steal!  The styling is distinctive but doesn't stand out too much, which is a plus for me in NYC.  A stealth car that is much faster and nimbler than it looks, and the stopping power is unbelievable.I don't know if this also applies to E320s, but the road feel is almost too much (although the ride itself is smooth).  Still I'd rather have too much than too little.My biggest complaint is that the cellular phone that came with the car is of the old analog type that is pretty much useless (only Verizon has a plan that supports it, at a ridiculous cost).  Unfortunately it can't be upgraded to digital unless you want to pay mondo $$$.I was looking for a new Volvo S60 or a loaded Passat, but instead got an entree to automotive heaven for less money.  If you're looking for a new upscale sedan in the $30K range, I would recommend checking out used E320 or E420 Benzes first.  There is just no comparison.
If money is not problem, buy it. You gonna have lot fun with this car, and you can drive it till the 300.000km without services.
I LOVE THIS CAR IT IS SO SMOOTH IT GOES WHEN YOU NEED IT TO AND IT IS SAFE IN SHORT IT IS THE NICEST CAR I HAVE EVER OWNED I LOVE IT EVERY MILE I DRIVE IN IT I FIND I LOVE IT MORE AND MORE MECEDES YOU HAVE BUILT ONE GREAT CAR
Best car I have ever owned.  
Overall a very nice car. The only reason I traded this car was the extreemly uncomfortable seats on long trips. Around town it was fine, vacations were pure hell. It had a good ride and good handling. Adequate power and smooth transmission. For the money it's an ok value. If you travel alot.... think twice. 
Its a good car. Much better then the Infiniti Q45, but not quite the sportiness I like in the BMW 540i. The ride is very smooth, and acceleration is quick and responsive.Also, the sound system in this car is one of the best I have heard stock. Good bass respose, and it can be played pretty loud.One of the only things I don't like about the car are the looks. The front headlights are pretty goofy in my opinion. Oh well.I would recommend this car for a family, where power is an issue. But for a more sporty ride, go for the BMW.
Great car when electronics work correctly.
I loved this car so much, I've never gotten any problems except a regular maintenance such as oil change, brake pads replacement all of these I did it by myself. it was so easy change brakes.
I bought this car used condition for 3 years now. It never have any major problems at all. This car is very reliable, never fail me despite of the maintainence such as brake job; oil change; tune up, etc.. Especially I do these maintainences myself, it saved me a lot of money. this is the best mercedes ever made.
Withy the exception of significant electrical problems great car.
I loved the car but they did not let me extend the lease i felt if i lost my soulmate
I had no idea what this car was when I leased it from a dealer in L.A. I was looking for a Benz and this one was in the paper. It took about 10 minutes of driving before I knew I HAD to have this beast. The only car ever Co-Built by Mercedes and Porsche, it was only after it was mine that I started doing research and discovered what a special car I had on my hands. This car is flat out scary fast but it is stealthy so I have yet to get a ticket. It can be driven quite tamely...even my wife likes driving it...but god help the unsuspecting boy racers since this beast will stomp them at the line. The only thing that has ever been able to keep up is a newer E-55, a newer C-55 Vette, and a pretty serious Porsche. It came from the factory loaded to the gills so no additions have been necessary. The are only two problems with the car....It gets 18 MPG if you cruise...slowly and I have seen as low as 12 when I hammer it. It also has perhaps the worst headlights I've ever seen. I understand all the E-class cars of this era have the same problem. I literally almost ran off the road once because I literally couldn't see the curve coming up!It also eats tires...over 350 ft lbs of torque will tend to do that, not really a problem, just the price to pay for so much raw horsepower. I can't decide if I am going to keep it once the lease is up...what with fuel at nearly 2.40/gallon for premium in my area...but gawds is this car fun!
1993 and later E class cars are a pleasure to drive and scary to maintain. The 24v engine is flawless and fast with good gas milage and sreams when you want it to but the car is more complex than a nuclear sub which is a shame because MB never needed to try to keep up the Japs and offer a bunch of crap that's just going to break after a while and cost the owner a pretty penny.  If you want a quality station wagon (or sedan) though, there's nothing that compares to it. It's a car that will reward you with it's seamless dynamics and one you can drive all day long without any problem and you can drive the car for the rest of your life if you maintain it well. If you want to go really fast, haul the kids and look good doing it, this car is perfect. (as long as you can afford the entry fee!)
Glad I found this web site. I have had this car for 12 years now, It was fine for the first 3 years, then nothing but problems. I have my car serviced at the dealer at all recommended service intervals, the car now has 115,200 miles. Head gasket replaced, all power window hardware replaced at least once, power sun roof motor replaced, cruise control unit replaced, smog control system fouled up, AC unit repaired, transmission rebuilt, replace motor mounts, replace brake pads every 10k to 12k miles and rotors every 2nd pad change, high pressure gas line ruptured while on a trip, this was very inconvenient,replaced windshield washer unit, replace battery every 3 years, replace drive belt every 3 years, car would not start had to replaced overload relay, radiator replaced, water pump replaced at 57k miles and many smaller repairs.
I haven't driven the newer Benz models so can't comment on the complaints about noise and seats, I just know that none of that applies to my car. I have recommended the 300E to a number of people who have bought them and all are very happy! I have owned over 30 cars and this is by far my favourite. Since most owners really look after them it is not hard to find really nice ones that are 10 years old, 120,000 miles and still look, and drive like new! For the price they run at now you can get yourself a real bargain. They are also very reliable and inexpensive to maintain as long as you stay away from the MB dealer!
The first time I saw it was nice.  It was a huge value even though it had over 110,000 miles on it.  Hey, it's a diesel it'll last forever!!!  Now it has nearly 190,000 miles on it and we've only had to fix some things.1) rebuilt Transmition at 130,0002) Alternator at 150,0003) Alternator again due to glow plugs (free) at 160,0004) Glow Plug related thing at 180,0005) Driver's window motor at 180,000Lives up to the name MERCEDES-BENZ
I have the wagon and highly recommend it.  It's very easy to drive at high speeds on the straightaways, my license is currently restricted for exceeding 100mph.  The wagon has a self-adjusting leveling system for the rear-end that no longer works, however I have not serviced the car in a  long time and it has over 160k miles.
This car is great! Its about 15 yrs old, and has 178K miles on it, but still running perfect. Just put in gas and drive the car, and every 3000 mile change the oil, thats it. Im really happy. I had this car since junior year in high school, now im a sophmore in college, and I plan to keep it until i graduate.
This is a great car for the Buck!
Having owned more than 40 cars in 14 years of driving, I can safely say that you can keep your Nissan Skylines, TVR Griffiths, Porsche 911s, BMW 740i Sports, Lexus GS430s, and BMW M3 Evolutions. The E55 AMG is simply amazing, combining E-Class refinements with a big, bad, V8 monster. Sixty arrives in five seconds dead. 100mph another five seconds later. The urge continues. Ease off and that wonderful NASCAR-like orchestra from the V8 disappears, and once again you're coasting around in a standard E430. In contrast, the M5 has a brash image, not helped by a bank of four exhaust pipes and numerous other bad-boy styling extras, and too many pretenders to mention: the 530 Sport, 535 Sport and 540 Sport are near identical to look at. If you're thinking about an E55, hesitate no longer. Off the throttle it's wonderfully low-key and unassuming, only hinting at its M5 class roots when you jump on the gas.
Love the car, super look, diesel engine nothing better, miles 28 city and 35 highway, you will enjoy all the toys this car have, very comfortable and safe. GPS is a plus, MB services great, 10 times better that my others car in all ways (04 jaguar X type, 05 BMW Z4, 06 H3 Hummer).
This car is an utter piece of garbage. I had a 2001 E-class which was an amazing car. This is no longer a quality Mercedes Benz vehicle; it's a dumbed-down, light-weight, bouncy low-end auto. My 10 year old Honda Accord rides better.
Excellent 7 seater van,
The denali of sport sedans. An e55 can not be explained with words alone. This monster will easily blow the doors off of any c5 corvette. After taking a spin in an e55, you will need a spatula to scrape yourself from the seat. Imaculate styling with the front and side ground effects, quad exhaust, and massive 19 inch wheels.      0-60 in 4.5 seconds,and 0-155 in less than a minute is enough to say this is one mean machine.     With mercedes luxury and performance perfectly blended, you get a lot of bang for your buck.
It looks like very few people own this car so I thought I should write for those who may be interested in buying. If you want a sedan and a sports car in one... this is it. This car is very fast and hits hard. Almost as fast as the 911 twin turbo I traded on it. The E55 is so powerful it will smoke the tires and do a nice slide when you disengae the stability mgmt. no problems to date. Car get's a lot of looks I'm surprised how many people know what it is. Owned alot of porsches and this is the first benz and it was well worth it. Handling is ok, but car is best in a straight line and highway cruise. A fabulous piece from AMG. Would reccomend to those who can afford.
Wow this car is what gets me up in the morning, this is the car that has everything luxary, looks and POWER it comes with a 604hp v12 engine, it is the beast my favorite part is when i start the engine it sounds AMAZING it is Fully loaded with all the goodies that brabus adds; Tilt, massage and airconditioning seats, active light controll, keyless entry, and u can start it from your house. Plus all the luxury and technology MB offers. This car is my dream car i wouldn't sell this ever, with 604hp i can fly past anything i can even keep up with the new MB Slr maclaren. I first drove this car in germany it was flying past everyone but one car the MB Slr.
In three words: 'this thing's stupid.' 0-60 in 4.6 s., 0-100 in 9.8 s., top speed is restricted to 155 mph and is estimated to be around 180 without said restrictions. At least it has 4 grab handles in the cabin so each passenger can hold on for dear life while the 15.4' brake disks and 8-piston calipers up front stop this car from insanity to zero in short order. Who on God's green earth needs all that? It gets 14 mpg in town, if you're lucky. Don't get all stupid on the freeway, and the on-board computer shows 21-22 mpg - better. As a daily driver, this car is completely useless. Good thing, then, it's just my summer toy. Gone are the days of poorly fitting interior plastics, mis-aligned body panels and transmissions that grenade themselves at the stop light as with the early W220. Gone too are the flat seats and the nearly un-usable CD-based COMAND (often called COMAND 2.5) of the early cars, replaced with more suitable, and updated components. This car is an utter marvel of detail: seams are immeasurably small, COMAND is usable (though not at all convenient) and the seats are delight to behold, nevermind sit in. Displays are brilliant, legible and really easy to use. That goes for all the gimmickry on-board, and there is a LOT of that. AMG models get the drive-dynamic multi-contour, heated and cooled thrones which are perfectly designed to fit my 6'3' frame. The controls fall perfectly at hand and never once do you reach for anything. cruising at speeds well beyond what the local constabulatory would consider acceptable, this car is utterly whisper quiet. It is easily on par with any bland toyo-nis-hon-cura from Japan traveling half as fast. Steering is heavy, and that thick steering wheel will remind you every time you drive just what you have to do to stay in charge. Passing slow traffic doesn't require a downshift and 60-80 (which happens in under 3 s.) is nothing short of amazing. Even steering, which you'd think will require deep braking before entering a tight corner, never ceases to amaze as the car understeers slightly only to tighten up mid-corner as it darts out the other end. The trick here is to allow the car's weight to keep it planted. Oh, and set ABC to 'Sport.' Once so set, this car's driver might as well check out because the car is nigh-on driving itself. Speaking of that, Distronic cruise control (which is installed on mine) is a real mixed bag. Set the cruise and it works brilliantly, even as traffic slows, the car will maintain a safe distance. But, slow too much and it'll turn itself off, potentially crashing in to the car in front. Parktronic is a must-have, as is the bluetooth mobile phone module (which I upgraded after the fact). Keyless go is brilliant, but again, unnecessary: stick the key in the dash and twist it once - the electronics take care of the rest. The large cabin is well-suited for the 4-place electric seating with heat and cooling and the 4-zone climate control. Frankly, an S430 is just fine - stick with that. Be sure to add things like cooled seats, sun-shades and 4-place adjustable seating for the full limo effect. Oh, and get a full-on CPO warranty!
Just picked this certified pre=owned up after driving a 2000 BMW 740i for the last 3 1/2 years and I am in love with this car. It is a different feel than the BMW in terms of handling, but this vehicle feels like it is the standard in terms of luxury and quality. I got out of the 740 due to the cost of repairs and maintenance over the last 18 months (>$5000!!!) and my dreading of the winter here in SE PA. I made the decision that I was going to go MB 4matic or Audi AWD. After a 30 minute ride in the MB S500, test drove the Audi A8 and went about 1/4 mile in it and felt let down. The Audi felt solid, but heavy and I felt like it was trying really hard to be a sport performance combo--the handling of the BMW with the luxury and quality of MB, but it didn't feel 'real'. Went with the 2004 MB S500 based on the quality, the certified warranty, the 4matic, the sceduled maintenance and the price. I've been in it now 2 weeks and absolutely love the feel of it. Total luxury, like riding on a cloud. Has Sirius satellite, easy to figure out Nav sustem, the Nappa leather, Burl walnut trim, etc... I remember being this excited when I got the 740, but after the last 18 months of repairs and total inability to get anywhere when there was more than an inch of snow, felt like it was time to move on. Hopefully I'll be back in a year telling you how happy I am!
This car is a really excellent one. A classic blend of Luxure and Sport. With a 5 litre Engine under the bonnet, the car can easily press up to 80 in 10 seconds. Luxure, the pure class of Mercedes.
The Mercedes-Benz S Class glides quietly and smoothly on the highways and byways with speeds in excess of 100 mph. The cabin is warm and soothing with butter smooth, glove soft nappa leather. Our family has been acquainted with quite a few marques, however, Mercedes always seems to lead the pack. It not only looks ravishing on the inside and outside with its coupe like curves and opulent jewel-box interior, but it also drives effortlessly with an impeccable demeanor.It's quite pulchritudinous!
The real king of the road is the s55 amg
Top car. I have owned Mercedes for many years but this is the best driving vehicle I have ever owned. I liked it so much that I have even forgiven the dealership for the low trade in they gave me on my 4 year old S500.
This car is truely not like any other car in the world. Mercades really knew what they   were doing when they built this car. This car comes standard with most of the items   that you would find in your house. I truely would not trade my Benz for anything in the   world.
what a great car. 39k miles on the clock. lots of options. This is the best car i have owned. Smooth, quiet, comfortable and good power. the transmission is the smoothest i've ever driven, the power delivery consistent and the ride incredibly well balanced. the controls are easy to use including the sat nav, tv, heated seats as long as you read the manual. The car doesn't have the upgraded audio and i think this is the only small area that the car lets me down.  the std audio is good but not a standard I would expect from a £70k car. I look fwd to each weekend now so i can take it for a drive.. now that the new 2007 S550 is out, these cars are a bargain..
Been buying MB's since 1985 (every 3 years). Totally perfect car. Absolutely reliable. Since delivery, no warranty work necessary - flawless.
Wonderful automobile.  I drove it over 7000 miles in a two week period and enjoyed every minute. We've had it now nearly 4 years and have a new one ordered.
The Car is amazing, the most comfortable automobile in the world, in my opinon the most classy looking in the world. Its all you could want in a car, power, performance and luxury. Lots of space in the back and you just enjoy driving it. I love this car, even though it was a large sum of money it was well worth it. I love my car!
Ok let me first say i wasn't expecting to be laughing my ass off reading a car review.  Hey Veronica Lawler, if you dont want your S500 I'll gladly take it, I wish my dad would give me his.  But seriously this is indeed a big car and that is a good thing. This is the ultimate Status Mobile and that's why people buy it.  It is almost perfect in every way, except (and it might sound strange) the ride is toooo smooth.  there is no driver feed back.  You could literally fall asleep driving this thing its so comfortable.  Definetly get the sport package if you want to have fun with it.  Another problem is the nav system/center console.  This thing is the opposite of user friendly.  The mirrad of little buttons everywhere will overwhelm any frist time driver of this car.  MB needs to update to a DVD based system like Acura.  Changing discs for different regions of the same state?  puh-lease.  The stereo system is top notch... except you can't play CDS in it!!!  the drive only reads cd-roms for the nav system unless you upgrade to the cd changer.  right...  Besides these downsides this car is like no other, and you will indeed feel like you are better than everyone else in it.  
Its a big car and its very comfortable some times i feel like sleeping but this car isnt my taste !
for pure driving comfort I would definitely recommend this car
As i mentioned, It looks great and feels great too!
See above comments
The King of the road??
A wonderful car to live day-in and day-out . Lots of features , good looks and generous space . There are some short-comings of the car ( like the noisy front suspension on dirt roads , lack of drives footrest and other minor things ) , but they count little when taken in the big picture . Five-speed transmission is one of the best around , and interior is very well made with nice seats and a very well laid out dash . And what's more , it cost's less than the car it replaced !! 
I've had a driver's license for over 30 years--driven lots of cars.  None come anywhere even close to the comfort of this car.  I drove the family over 850 miles in 1 day with ease--in other cars you'd get more fatigued in 3 to 4 hours than this car on a 12 hour trip.  That to me was the real test.  There's no vibration, cruising at 80-85 is totally safe and effortless.  This is maybe the best highway car on the road.  Around town the performance and features are not as noticeable but it's so flashy you get noticed.  This car is not for the Casper Milquetoast--it's very conspicuous.  Hotels and restaurants, if you valet park, they leave your car near the front door to dress up the place.  Other drivers will often move out of your way because they know you are a-coming!The steering is sensitive to road camber.  Driving around town it will pull toward the right just a bit, if the road slopes to the right.  It isn't a problem it's just a characteristic. It's very precise steering, not a trace of play. No faults to speak of.  One rear seat belt jammed the first week--the dealer replaced it.  The Continental tires seem squirmy relative to the Michelins, although the former may be better in winter.  I have really been pleased with the dealer service.  Lots and lots of gadgets, some are nice, a few are not totally necessary.  You do need to read the owner's manual on this car.  The navigation system is nice, not that hard to figure out (my teenage daughter figured out all the features in 10-15 minutes without using the manual).  Recently the navigation seems to be a bit inaccurate (it thinks you are about 100 yards behind where you really are), I assume this can just be recalibrated by the dealer.  Stereo is fine but the 6-CD changer is in the trunk.  Voice activated phone works great and this is how all car phones will be one day.  I leased; this kind of car you probably should buy because it will last 10+ years and still be great.  It ain't cheap but it's a fine fine car. 
Paid 85k.  Car is OK, I am anticipating the new BMW 7 series, I recommend you wait for that.  But if you like to have the Mercedes it is nice, even though the interior quality is not 1st rate.I bought the car because money is not an object for me, I consider it a toy that I am not too fond of anymore,but my whole ordeal with Mercedes N.America has soured me some against the whole company.
Great car though it is expensive. But for what you get its great. I think you should defineetly go for this one in the luxury cars department.
~$90,000 preordered brand new from the factory with upgraded stereo, rims... the works! I would NEVER buy a mercedes AGAIN! I hope no one else buys it either for their own sake. Now that Mercedes has been merged with an american company, they are pumping out bad car after bad car.
This car suits my needs, and then some. It has superb handling, and overall charm. This car is definatley the chick magnet I hoped it would be. I highly recommend it if you have the means. I did find one drawback in this car. It does not offer the Protection Package that is optional on the BMW 750iL. It would have been a nice edition to an otherwise great car. I paid 101,500 for this car including the options and shipping.
I got this car six months ago as a graduation present from my father.  It is a nice solid car; however, I would have liked a more sporty looking vehicle like the BMW M5.  Nevertheless, my father really cares about safety; and nothing is safer than Mercedes.  He intends for me to use this car for another ten years; well, don't really mind it.  Anyway, I wouldn't be surprised if this is the best car in the world right now.  When gliding in the city, it is quite, smooth, and extremely comfortable.  When on the high-way, this car can out-accelerate most other sedans in its class.  However, I don't really get the back-in-seat sensation because the car is so well built and big; thus, even though the car zooms off at a great pace, it doesn't seem that fast.  Stereo system is awesome; it looks great, awesome leather interior; and although this 2000 model looks smaller than its predecessor from the outside, the interior room is actually slightly bigger.  Well, what else can I say ?  This car has got everything.  
Paid $90,000 for the S500. Without a doubt recommend this product. This car is refined in all of it sounds.
The vehicle is an absolutely beautiful car.  The navigational system has a lot of limitations, but it is a fun car to drive.  You do not feel like you are driving a four door sedan.  You feel as if you are driving a luxury sports car.
Best looking 4 door today. Perfect reliability, drive & handling. 4300 V8 best all around choice. Plenty of power and still gets decent mileage.  Navigation system does not have all points of destination or steets programmed. Ample room, but being 6'-5', ergonomics could be improved and seats are not very comfortable. Trunk seems small. My previous 94' Cadillac Fleetwood was much better in these 3 areas.
THIS VEHICLE HAS BEEN ON A TOW TRUCK MORE TIMES THAT I HAVE DRIVEN IT. THE SUSPENSION ELECTRONICS IN THIS VEHICLE ARE OBVIOUSLY UNFIXABLE BY EVEN SKILLED M.B. TECHNICIANS. NOW THE CAR HAS EVEN FURTHUR PROBLEMS WITH THE STEERING ANGLE SENSORS. THE ABSOLUTE WORST CAR I HAVE EVER TRIED TO DRIVE!
Car drives great, the car has all the bells and whistles. I haven't had any problems with the car aver last few years.
No doubt the finest automobile I have ever owned. Has the most driver legroom, which is a plus at 6'4'. All the features are user friendly although the GPS takes some time to master.
It is a huge car with a great ride. It feels like it's flying. The sound system is very good. It was rather pricey and fuel economy is not very good, but I would certainly buy it again.
This car is an excellent drive. Belying both its age, weight and size. The built quality (MB poured in a vast amount of money over the time it built it) is outstanding. If you can do the brakes and oil changes, upkeep is fairly cheap. Issues are none!!!. Fuel consumption is relative to the car. However with sensible driving you can get an average of 9km per liter in summer and 8km per liter in the winter. Highway will get you 11km per liter. Cruise control is cruicial. If you control the pedal yourself....you can guess. Put it in sport mode and she likes to fly pretty good. Forget about fuel economy. Seat comfort is fantastic, leg room outstanding. Basically you drive top quality for the price of a little new Hyundai as long as you are willing not to drive the latest :) Next car for sure another S500 - 2003 and older are recommended on the QT by the owner of my MB dealer.
You've got to be kidding me! I can't believe I waited this long to own something  this unbelievable. Yeah, Lexus was a nice ride. No question. But on a whim,  I tried a Benz, and man, let me tell you, it was night and day! There isn't  even a close second to these cars. Why can't we make something this  fantastic? People literally clear my path when they see this car coming.  And don't complain about the extra cash, amigo. You'll never miss it. 'Course you can cut back   on your double-foam fat free caps. My friend rolled his Benz to avoid hitting  a salt truck near Vegas with his family in it. Everyone walked away. How much  was that worth? YOur Lexus price
this car is just a great car. its a classic design that lasted so long and so successful(starting in yr. 92) the car has a very luxurious look and amazing engine thats perfect. recommend this car to anyone who wants a nice luxury car.
This is a S500 1997 model. Now with 73000 miles, still solid and smooth. It is a BIG car. Yet gas mileage is reasonable (avg. 18 miles in my daily driving). Ride quality is excellent. At 60 miles per hour, I can talk with passengers in the back seat without raising my voice at all. I can even do that during my acceleration to 80 miles. The engine delivers ample power and torque for highway passing, in such a quiet and smooth manner. Mercedes used top-graded materials in this model. Workmanship is also top-notched.     Compared to Lexus GS430 I tested the other day, the S-500 is entirely another class. GS430 is a very good car, and a very fast car. But the riding quality is not at the same level as the S500. Engine noise of the GS430, when push hard (while, you have to push hard to achieve the performance claimed by Lexus), can penetrate significantly into the car, making the car sounds like a Honda Accord.     (I used Honda Accord and Lexus GS430 in comparison, since I consider this two cars are already at the top of the balance between performance and comfort in its own class.)    So the bottom line is, if you want to treat yourself well, I suggest getting a Mercedes S-class. Someone may claim some other cars have similar luxury that cost a lower price. I will have to agree. But if you want the best, S-class deserves a very close look.
Ahhh, the S-Class... Excellent combination of luxury, style, and performance. This is my first Mercedes, but definitely will not be my last! Even at 8yrs old, it's still a head turner...
I took a ride in my friend's 1993 Mercedes 500SEL that he bought new for $120,000 (CDN)!!! The car rode very nice, and it felt very solid. The performance was also impressive for such a large car. However, the engine wasn't much quieter or smoother than our 2000 Toyota Camry V6 (and the Mercedes is 4 times the price). Also, the interior is very teutonic, and the plastics are very hard. A few weeks after I rode in the car, it went in to the shop because the air conditioning went. It's been over 3 weeks and the car still isn't back from the shop. I have heard about dealer service problems from Mercedes, and I do not doubt them. The rear is EXTREMELY roomy, but not that much different from a Chrsyler Concorde. There are also too many useless features on this car (power door closers, etc.....)
I paid $93500 in 1992.  This is a lot but considering the life span of this car it will end up costing the sames as a Cadillac, per year.  I would highly recommend the car. With 100K on it the paint is still flawless, the interior still looks new, and the car drives like new.  The ergonomics compare with new cars.  The car is extremely solid and, I'm guessing, would be very safe in an accident (which is primarily why I bought it).  I also drove and 88 300TE which I just sold which was the same way.  I could not justify driving anything else than a Mercedes automobile, even if all I could afford is a $3000 mid-80s E class.  They are the best.
The Mercedes Benz S-Class 400    What can I say. I have never driven anything like it. In S mode you are pushed back in the seat as it pulls away.    Fantastic for comfort. A Magnificant car.    The heated seats are a welcome addition on a cold UK morning.
4th S class. Excellent Car, This the the last year of the Benz W126, The interior materal use is so good. Although the car is more than 10 year old. It still look a almost like brand new. The car is 65000km on the clock roughly 40625miles. Still drive like brand new. The engine is so quiet as when the car is at idling you have to double check whether you have started the car. Comfort is excellent. The original paint still shines but with one spot is peeling next the the front grille otherwise is perfect. If you see the car you cannot tell this is a 13year car. The desgin stil look modern. Fuel consumption is quite high. accerelation is reasonably good on such a heavy car. Handly is far on the confort side and NOT sporty at all. Again although this car is 13 years old car but I is way better the most brand new Japanese car now available on the market. The old Benz are generally over build. If you take care of them. They should last for ever.
This car is the best investment I have ever made. The dealer must have been sauced when he let me have it for 6 G's. It rides smooth with tight steering and a transmission so damn smooth that you can barely even hear, let alone feel it shift. The only way to tell is by looking at the tach. It's quite fast for a car that ways about 4000 pounds. But this is only the tip of the iceberg, I've owned the car for about three years now and have only had one problem: both front power window regulators broke on the same day. The parts took about a week to come in, so I was literally having to work the windows with my hands (needless to say I went through a few bottles of windex). To sum it all up I wouldn't trade this car for anything. People can argue reliability and how MB's are maintenance monsters but the bare facts are that it depends on the car and the individual. The prelude that I previously owned seemed shabbily made and was VERY unreliable despite the ubiquitous H hood ornament that people have begun to associate with quality. The interior was plasticy and fell apart after about a year, and the paint chipped despite my best efforts. My girlfriend's Accord V6 is nice but still feels like a go-cart. To make a long story slightly longer, I'll take the old three-pointed star over that little silver H any day.
The car was auctioned off by the bank .  Previous owner could not make payments.  Had 80,000 miles when bought .  The car ran well after a major maintenance service($1,500)
What a dissapointment of a car. Maybe the one we drove was accidented, but what a waste of money and metal. The 1988 Mercedes 560SEL had the worst ride i've ever felt in a car. It would shake, dive, rattle like crazy, make weird noises, and bounce all over the place. The seats were springy (ive felt the same thing on other model mercedes of that era), and the interior is very teutonic and sterile. If such an expensive car wears out like that after 9-10 years, then I would never buy a Mercedes out of priniciple. Again, maybe the model we drove had been accidented or messed up, but it was still a very dissapointing experience. 
This car has been my chariot for over 3 years. I love the W126, much less sophisticated than my W140 though. Sturdy, reliable, solid and always willing to be driven hard. Slight oil leaks required retorquing heads, tranny seepage after 230,000 km - but geez, what a car. Starts always, runs with the best of them, even gets 28 mpg (imperial) highway. What on earth more does a feller need? I love mine, just go out and find one with a good history, cherished ownership and one that is being sold for a realistic price. Many people think they're too precious - but if you have the coin - the best new car on the market in 1988 is also the best used 1988 car 14 years later. Period.    Mind you, I was recently wowed by the depreciation on a W140 600SEL - so I bought it. Much more swank than a W126, but missing that honest to goodness visceral feeling of a supremely solid Panzer. My new(to me) 600 is more like an ingot.
good value, quiet smooth head turnner.best paint smoke silver, all power option still working after 18yrs eat no oil
The 1973 280 SEL 4.5 on the W108 chassis was similar to the W109 (300 SEL) but with conventional springs rather than the air suspension. Having driven both, the W108 is a reasonably similar ride without the complexity (and maintenance cost) of the air suspension.     I found this car on the web owned by an older gentleman in S. Cal. with only 60,000 miles and (most importantly) no rust. It still drives and rides like it did 33 years ago. Great power, smooth ride and that classic MB styling that gets “thumbs up” from teenagers to grandparents. It will still be going strong 33 years from today. It cruises at 80 and can still hit 120.    The only serious work I had to put into the car was to replace all the rubber bits – tie rod ends, sub-frame bushings, window and door seals, etc. If you are looking for a classic MB, this is a great ride that still drives like a modern car but has that long-lost MB style. Highly recommended! However, buy the best one you can find – don’t get into a restoration project as it will take forever and end up costing three times the price of a nice car. Also, don’t buy a low-mileage car that has been sitting in a garage or barn for years. These cars need to be driven on a regular basis and do not like to sit.
A 41 yo mercedes with 111,000 miles and it still keeps going. A 3.0 liter fuel injected I-6 with power steering and 4 wheel disc brakes and air suspension. Rides like a dream. Needs cosemetics but hey
I loved the S500.  Performace (especially cornering) wasn't as good as the 740 or the Q45, but it was not meant to be a sport car anyway.  The terrible experience I had to put up with the local dealer made me decide to give up this car.  Lexus had superior service & better reliability.  Surprisingly, my local BMW dealer quite friendly (most aren't in my past experience).
well the car is nice in driving and u can feel that you are really driving a one of the best cars but the M-B still dont have the intrest in driving!!!  to this car the gratest sedan is 2 have the performance and the interior and the new technologies wich BMW has....
I picked up the car, my 4th S-class (after 380SE, 500SEL, S500), came to my office and in the evening the car would not start. 42 km on the dash! Service could not start it -- MB has not found the problem -- took the car back. Dealership is awful, car was great for the 12 km I drove it! I am figuring out a way to buy the car without involving the dealer.    Buy the silver, not the black - because of the body shape lines. Ignore the dealer like a necessary evil.
Having owned the past 3 generations of S Class, this has to be the best yet. Super air suspension and ride even on 18 inch AMG rims and 245 x 45 Bridgestone S-03 Pole tires (super dry or wet). Incredible pickup and great tiptronic gear changes.
The best car I've ever had, bar none!!! If I could have given it a 6, I would have! The thing I noticed at first drive was the awesome speed and cornering of this car. With the sport package, it is equal to a BMW 750 without a doubt. The body roll is eliminated (unlike Lexus) when cornering. It's stable at very high speeds unlike little Honda racecars and stuff like that.    Build quality is usual German. I don't understand the people that say there car breaks all the time. It must be that they drive them off cliffs and stuff because I've owned 5 Mercedes' now and 2 of them went past 500k miles without any repairs. The other three went 280K miles before I sold them without repairs either. I'm sure this will do the same.    The interior of this car is amazing. It has all the gadgets you could ever want and even some you didn't know existed. The COMMAND system is a bit over complicated but when you spend a $100 thousand on a car, you would think a normal dumbass would just pull out the manual and find out how it works. But rather they complain that they can't get it on the first try. If you want a navigation system, get a Lexus LS430. If you want a kik azz driving machine, buy a Mercedes.    I have never once been disappointed by a Mercedes. I imagine I never will.
This is the most magnificent car I have ever owned.  The ride is incredible and it is so much fun!!!  This is the ultimate dream car.
This Car is at the top of my list for everything. Styling of a top of the line luxury Car, Performance of a Dodge Viper is nothing short of amazing, and the electronics of a full office are the best offered and the interior is a lot better than most homes. I would never trade my Benz for anything truly an amazing car. The best money can buy
I love this car!!! It's fast, gas efficient, quiet, handles like a dream and I simply can't get the smile off my face!I love the Audi TT from the outside; but, after testing both, there was no question! It's SLK all the way!
I did my research before buying this auto. BMW Z4 (ouch, from the Ugly School Pontiac Aztec Design). Audi TT Roadster, just too, ah, well, wierd. Honda S2000, not made for anyone over 6 feet. The SLK did it for me. Beautiful interior and exterior. Roomy (for a roadster)
This SLK has only been in the shop for reqular maintenance twice in 20K miles. There was a door rattle but the top has been through 288 cycles without a problem. I understand there is a major redesign for 2004. I would purchase another one. The 500 SL has a new feature. The top in the retracted state will pivot up and you can access the bottom of the trunk. Will this be a feature on the SLK?
Hindsight is 20/20...would not buy this car again. Has been in the repair shop 6 times, multiple 'electrical' problems (I don't even have 10,000 miles on it yet). Car lacks power and even stalls with acceleration. Unhappy with customer relations. Cheap plastic interior. Am looking to buy a different car. I,ve gotten more reliable driving from the rentals they give me. Unhappy about quality of the work performed by the mechanics/technicians.
I am very happy with my beautiful MB SLK. I own 6 cars and plan to use this as my primary one. I had a Mazda Miata and was thrilled with it in every way. It was fantastic in snow and that is my biggest fear with the SLK. If the SLK is good in snow, I will be very happy with this fun car. If it is not good in the snow it will be someone elses car and I will buy another Miata.
Great looking car, particularly the aggressive looking Sport model. As fast as you'd want. Retractable hardtop that is the life of a party -- people just want to sit in the car, raising and lowering the top.  It's a wonderfully impracticle car (i.e., 2-seater, no trunk space).  My first MBZ, and I'd consider other models in the future.  The SLK is really only for someone who has another, larger car for trips to the store, golf course, etc.
Handling and cornering are great with the sport package.  Car seems to be built incredibly solid.  No rattles or creeks.  Sound package is super.  I highly recommend Penske Mercedes in West Covina, CA.  Their service has been great.  Free carwash for the life of your vehicle.  Every day a new freebee.  Massages one day, shoe shine another, lunch still another.  Amazing they can afford to provide all these freebies.  A great dealership (and I'm not an easy sell).  
2001 SLK230:This is the Mercedes for a woman (girl) who is just happy to have a 3 pointed star on the hood.The car is relatively cheap allowing many wannabes to achieve their goal of owning an MB convertible on a salary of less than 50k/annum.The engineers no longer have the last word at Mercedes which allows a shoddy product such as this to be sold.
Great car.  Especially in the summer! :)
I did love this machine. I would recommend it as it is quite a beautiful convertible fun car without the classical shortcomings of roof and wind sound.
This car is really fun. Has enough power to be dangerous. The power top gets a lot of attention. Have had a lot of problems (weekly) with interior peeling. This started with the 2nd day of ownership. I was assured that this has never happened before. Mercedes has replaced interior 3 times. Said they will not do it again. The climate controls need to be improved. They take a while to begin. The cup holders are located in an akward place and drip down the center console. DO NOT BUY THIS CAR IF YOU DO NOT HAVE TIME TO TAKE IT IN FOR REPAIRS...WEEKLY!
With the sport package and the xenon headlights this car looks as good as anything on the road.  The sport package adds a great mesh front grille, lowered bumpers and skirts and 17' AMG five star rims that add muscle and flare to this car.  Without the Sport package this car seems timid and pettite, just add those rims and everyone will back away!  This car is fun because you can drive it with the wind in your hair or be less pronounced and just close her up. The 320 is very fast compared to the lesser Kompressor model, its a different car with a different attitude.  Very luxurious in terms of finish and comfort, sport package is a must!!
After several months of owning this car, I'm glad I bought it.  
I think besides the tweaks of the first shipment of the 2001 model of the SLK 230, the car is the best buy for what your paying for.  In terms of performance it may not be the fastest car on the road, but you'll be surprised at what it can do when you push it a little.  The interior is the best, in my opinion out of all the roadsters available, it's simple yet very distinctive and stylish, everything comes together as one unique setup, it is very user-friendly, and nothing is in an awkward position.  The blend of Style and Performance in both interior and exterior settings make the SLK 230 the roadster of my choose.
I bought it as a 'weekend' car to be used sparingly.  It's accumulated 12,000 miles in 5 (winter) months.  The grin factor doesn't go away.  We choose back roads and small towns and almost every weekend is now spent driving mountain roads in northern Arkansas or some such place.  It's exactly what my wife and I wanted. It's almost as much fun as a motorcycle, but without the disadvantages. It's hard to justify the price, but it's a bargain when you consider some other cars in its class.  You're never alone if you need help.  It's a little spooky to have 'the voice' come out of the dash, but the service is first rate.It gets a little more attention than desired.  Sometimes I wish it had a stealth mode.    
I purchased my 2001 SLK230 almost 4 months ago. It's proven to be a reliable little car as I drive it to work everyday.The fit and finish are slightly below a C320, but it's acceptable. I think there are just too many cheap little pieces of plastic used in the interior considering the car is a Mercedes.The acceleration is fine, even though the supercharged 4 cylinder sounds like it's going to explode at times. (I should have gotten the 6 cylinder).The handling is OK. This is only a sports car in it's design and layout. The on center steering feel is numb at times and the car is lethrargic when entering corners...Hello body roll. However, the car is always predictable and the brakes are above average for it's class.The 6 speed stinks. It's clunky and not even remotely sporting. I thought it would break in over time, but no such luck.The stereo stinks. Well, it doesn't stink, but it's nothing special and at times reception is poor.Of course there is little storage space, but you'd be little more than a dolt if you expected anything else.My car is silver with a charcoal interior and you see them everywhere here in Florida, but that doesn't bother me. What bother me is the half assed effort Mercedes made when engineering this car. It's nothing more than a compromise of design and engineering. The fit and finish is OK, but not great. The interior material are adequate, but not special. The engine produces adequate power, but is unrefined. The car is available with a manual trans, but the one made available stinks.
Thanks to everyone for your reviews.  It was a close call between the TT and the SLK.  The TT had only good reviews.  The SLK ranged over the map.  I opted for the SLK because of the hard top, 6 speeds, teleaid and ultimately the look. I picked it up today and have been grinning ever since.  Its seems like MB has taken care of all of the short falls of the earlier models with the 2001 edition.  The BOSE radio reception is good and the sound is excellent.  Two bass speakers pick up the low end and mids and highs are great.The 230 uses a supercharger on a 4 cyclinder.  The 2001 has 5 more horses than the earlier models from what I can tell.  It gets up quick.  I may not be the best judge of this because I've been driving a diesel for 15 years now!  Anyway, with 6 gears, it turns about 2,200 RPM and moves in the high 60s to 70s.  Nice ratios and quiet at speed.  The motor has a good sound even when pushed.  Supposedly the car sits a bit lower with the 2001 than earlier models and the front air dam has been redesigned.  Steering is precise and stable.  It doesn't use rack and pinion but has the typical MB feel.  Solid!  It goes where you point and is smooooth.The interior is ok and uses what room there is reasonably well.  The TT has a bit more room when the rear seats are folded down.  With the roof up, the SLK has lots of trunk space for a sports car.  The seats are comfortable.  They could use adjustable lumbar.  I've had back problems and the SLK seems easier to get in and out of than the others.  Well, summer is coming and I'll update after several months.  I'll give it 4 stars for value because it ain't cheap.  They could have thrown in the CD (at least a single disk version) and some seat warmers.  Good driving!
I enjoy the car for now, i have a feeling that the price will exceed my enjoyment and maybe i should have went with the new c class
I basically don't need a car since I live in Manhattan, however, after renting one for a vacation in the South of France I decided I had to have one.   It's basically a car that says, yes I have the money, I know it's not the fastest but you're staring at it. 
MB SLK 320 is priced between the BMW M Roadster and the Porsche S-type Boxter.  All three cars are eye catchers, everyone looks at you.  The SLK 320 exhaust note, while not as throaty as the BMW M Roadster, comes to life with a pleasant sound when you step on it.  With the back-of-seat wind screen in place the SLK top-down ride is great; you don't feel beaten up by the wind.  Acceleration with the new 215 hp V6 is super, and with the sport package tires the car corners like it is on rails.  This is a great ride, I am very happy with it so far.
i love it, everything from the sporty luxury look to everything else, when i first bought the car i felt it lack power from the 2.3 liter engine so i bought a couple of products from renntech n brabus. i didnt know i was capable of doin 540+hp with nitrous. i happen to be a undercover racer which means i hook up the engine and nothing more. i still have the same look as any person who own this model but my engine is totally diffrent. for any of those who feel this car is weak, i have one thing to say 'its not what kind of car u have, it's what u do to it, and how u drive it'
After over 1 year of driving, I've only had this in the shop for an oil change. I'm now running Mobile 1. No other problems (no where is that wood to knock).     At 193 HP, this engine provides more than the 180 TT, has more torque than the S2000 and you don't have to pay for all of the extras that the Z3 and others require. Fog/driving lights, traction control all included 2 more engines to choose from. Designed for far more HP than the 230 with super charger throws at it. Not a squeak as of yet.
I have had my SLK 320 for about a year now.  The car has been an absolute joy to own.  I purchased this car as a weekend car and have about 4,700 miles on it.  My only regret is that I don't have enough time to drive it.  It is a wonderful car.
Very quick, responsive car.  Love the retractable hardtop.  Great looking, solidly built.
Excellent car and excellent service from MB.  Very comfortable to drive and with the top up it is as quiet as a sedan and there is enough trunk space for two suitcases if you want to take it cross country.  Once you get to your destination, unload the suitaces and you've got a convertible.
incredible! car makes me smile every time i touch it. chicks stare! no competition from boxter/tt/z3 secondary to hard top advantages.
This is a very satisfying car that I use when my larger SUV is not needed for people, stuff or long crowded commutes. Comfortable, powerful enough, great engine sound.  I love convertbles but hate a plastic window or cloth top - this car solves that problem and looks great in the process.  Have not had any interior problems - I think the charcoal is less problematic than colored interiors that can scratch.  Drivetrain on this car is rock solid - quick, smooth and the AT shifts perfectly, quickly and invisibly.  Handling and roadholding is superb but the steering feel is not as satisfying as the Porsche - however this car has a better top and will require far fewer trips to the dealer.I have had no problems whatsoever with this car.Great daily driver because of MBZ durability - like other roadsters - if you're not on a crowded freeway commute and have lots of opportunities for the joys of open air motoring.If you don't truly love the styling, the top, and the strength of this car you're missing the point.  You need to drive it and compare with other cars you might consider.  Its not for everyone but those who like them really do feel strongly about the SLK.My only regret is that the SLK32 was not available when I bought this car.  If you are looking for a perfect - (perhaps more perfect than average new after reading some of these reviews!) - near new 2001 320 - send me an E-mail.  I will seriously consider an upgrade to the quicker SLK32 if I can avoid getting nailed with the dealer trade in hit on such a new car.
I love this car! It looks great! It sounds great! It has plenty of power, speed, and quickness to suit me! By far the best combination of style and performance available under about $85K. 
I've had this car for over one year.  I still enjoy justing going for a ride.  The handling is solid, no squeeks, just quiet.  The hard top is the best.
This is my second convertible. My first was a Z3 BMW.The SLK is a very nice looking car, but it's built like a Yugo. Do you remember Yugo? The little econobox made in Eastern Europe. The SLK uses cheap plastic everywhere which leads to annoying squeaks.The car is made for touring. Do not ask it to negotiate tight, curvy roads. The steering is entirely too ponderous for such an event.I don't think the power provided by the 2.3 liter supercharged 4 is bad. It's not tremendously quick, but it's ample. The whining noise the engine makes does get a bit long in the tooth, however.I can not recommend this car.
The Mercedes Benz SLK230 is a fun car to drive.  Aside from the usual Mercedes Benz build quality and reliability, value is what counts when resale value continue to hold up very well against all competitors.  The biggest selling point is the vario hardtop roof that detach and attach automatically in 25 seconds.  The Supercharged Inline 4 has adaquate power and with average mileage between 25 to 28 miles per gallon, it is frugal on premium gas.  Despite the short wheel base and sports suspension setup, the SLK still ride like a Mercedes Benz and handles like a true sports car.  Whether you want wind in your hair or just a little attention from ladies, the SLK230 is no doubt the best looking roadster on the road today.  Mercedes Benz also offer excellent customer service as well as free maintenance for 4 years/40,000 mile.
overall i am pleased with this car.enjoy the looks and heated seats. the dealer would not dicker on the price at all, but the service they provideis great. 
This car is a complete dissapointment.  It's been in the shop so many times that it's ridiculous.  Other than the convertible hardtop nothing else on the car works reliably.  Even the trunk gets stuck closed.  The interior is rather cheap for a mercedes and creaks atrociously.   The car is rather obnoxiously creaky and rattly on the highways.  Definitely a waste of money and time.
I was looking for a car that could go fast and have a removable top. Well this car does all. Just to beat the Mustangs and Camaros off the line puts a smile on my face. But, it makes the people with mullets very upset. I did break the sway bar spring within a month from hitting a curve way too hard but other than that no problems.
I've owned this car for over two years and I really like driving it. It has plenty of power and the handling is outstanding. Mine has a six-speed manual. It is a little rough from 1st to 2nd gear, but pass that point it is no problem. Note that the AMG version is called SLK 32 AMG, not SLK 320 AMG. One reviewer is complaining about SLK 320 AMG which does not exist. In my opinion, you should probably not trust the words of those who don't know what he/she bought.
The hardtop is a great idea and works very well. All in all, it's a well styled car. The rear end is not very fluid, but it needs to appear stubby to house the hardtop.The 3.2 liter 6 is fairly powerful. It's also ideal for freeway driving. I wouldn't recommend purchasing the weak, whiny 4 cylinder. It'll give you a headache at 60mph.This is not a sportscar. The handling and driving feel of the car are both subpar.The build quality is not good. Mercedes chose to make the car affordable and use low grade interior plastics. The squeaks and rattles are very annoying.At 30k this car makes some sense. However, the build quality and subpar handling do not warrant the 50k+ price tag.
I have never loved any object so much in my entire life!  This car is not only an absolute pleasure to drive, it has also been a lifesaver (because of its brakes, handling and suspension).  As someone who loves to drive up steep and winding roads, this is the perfect car for the job.  It is quick, responsive and stops on a dime.  I couldn't recommend this car more highly.
I paid 48k and am really happy with it. I would love to try the 320, but ultimately, the design is set to become a classic and I am happy to keep this car for a long time to come.Would I recommend it? Absolutely! It looks brilliant and is an absolute joy to drive! The Mercedes name is so classy, but you do pay somewhat for the name. For the same price you could buy a brand new Miata and a fully loaded saloon and still have some change. The result is that the minor quality niggles are annoying, and this lets down the value rating of the car.On the whole though, I love my car!
$46,400 including the Sport Package.If a person is used to a firm suspension and somewhat limited interior room then they will find it VERY acceptable.  The luggage area is not that small and can carry items of normal nature, such as groceries, etc.Have not had ANY problems at all and will perform own oil change inbetween the 'flexible service system' program.
Paid 48,700 with sport kit, heated seats, phone/CD.  Definately would recommend, it is a wonderful car. Make sure you get the heated seats, I never knew how much I would love them and use them. This is a well-executed version of a simple concept : everybody knows what a Mercedes is, everybody knows what a sports car is, this is a true Mercedes (comfort, quality, safety) sports car (quick, nimble, looks fast when sitting still).  After four months I still love this car. 
I purchase a new car every 2 years and this is without a doubt one of my favorites.It gets a lot more attention than the corvettes I've owned. The quality is very good and it handles great.It's just a fun car to drive.One night I hit a pot hole and ruined a tire.I called the 24 hour Mercedes service they showed up in 20 minutes and were excellent. This is one outstanding product and I'd recommend it to anyone except a young kid.Buy one and see
My wife and I purchased this car for our daughter who recently graduated from college. I'm certain the car is safe, but I'm glad I don't have to drive it. The droning sounds produced by the engine are inexcusable in a car that retails for over 40k.We live on Long Island and these cars are everywhere, truly the MB convertible for the person who doesn't want to spend the money on an SL.The SLK makes many sporting pretensions, but can live up to none of them. The shifter is not very smooth and there is too much body roll for this car to be considered a sports car and the unpleasant sounds produced by the engine at highway speeds negate it's grand touring capabilities.So, what is this car? It's a poseur's car created for young women and those who can't afford the SL.This car offers very little of what made Mercedes famous. 
Looks are wonderful, price reasonable. Quality for me has been beyond dismal. Have ask MB to replace or take back car...  8=(
41,600.00 The wife got tired of the 5 spd in the Z3 in heavy traffic. Auto transmission and engine performance is fine at cruising speed, not as good around town. Ride is excellent, much better than the Z3 and interior seems a little more roomy. Much better audio system. Would recommend for daily driving.
SLK 230 SPORT PACKAGE, $53,200. Without a doubt I would recommend this product. I havn't had any problems.
With restyled rear and bottom, the SLK Sports is a far more macho-looking machine than the regular SLK. Coupled with the newly available stick shift, it also performs in a much more satisfactory manner. The car is not cheap, but you will be getting the functionalities of both a convertible and a coupe with little if any compromise, making it the perfect choice in areas with a real winter. Besides, the SLK looks gorgerous in both forms. If the 'Kompressor' tag is not enough for your vanity, simply puch the top up/down button and have the SLK perform the 007esque transormer trick. It will surely satiate any desire for public attention.
I always wanted a Mercedes SL, but never had deep enough pockets to afford one. I thought that the SLK was the answer.The styling is a little quirky, but that didn't bother me. This was, afterall, a Mercedes convertible.When driving around town at low speeds the SLK is fine and handles well. When driving at highway speeds the car is loud. Now sometimes a loud car is a good thing, but the SLK sounds like it's sick. The noise becomes quite obnoxious after a half hour of driving.The top has been stuck in the up position a few times. I'm told by the dealer that this was due to extreme heat.The shifter is still very stiff and not very sporting.The quality of the materials used in this vehicle is questionable for a Mercedes. I've never seen such cheap plastic in an MB, not even in a friend's old 190e.I do find the seats very comfortable.Bottom Line: I should have waited until I can afford MB's real convertible.
One of the worst cars ever!  Would never buy it again.  It looks great and the hardtop works like a charm, but the shoddy build quality and the terrible handling make this a car to avoid.  I think that it has ball and joint steering (as opposed to the much superior rack and pinion).  It has a total lack of feeling though the steering wheel.  The Sport package is a rip off, as everything on it is purely cosmetic.  This is the ultimate poser car- talks the talk, but cannot walk the walk.Also the dealership treats me like crap.  I'm young and they avoid me like the plague.  They are always rude and seem stuck up (to me at least).  I noticed that the floors and walls were lined with marble and the waiting room has a Sony Wega TV set in it.  Just sitting in that room wonders how much they ripped me off.
Yeah I would recommend it without a doubt it is a fun car too drive.  The value could be lacking somewhat.  But it is a great car to cruise and get chicks in!!!
42K  I'd buy it again!
$48K. My husband bought the car for me as a christmas present.  He had rented one for me on our anniversary and I fell in love with the way the car handled and the power.  I have found myself getting frustrated with the other drivers on the freeways for driving so slow, but it's not until I look down at my speedometer and realize that I am driving 105 mile/hour.  You can hardly tell how fast you are going.  I love the sound system.  I have the phone and heated seats which are great as I am always cold.  I love this car all those who have driven it want one.  It is good value for the money and I strongly reccomend it to anyone.  Mercedes makes one hell of a car. My husband drives it occasionaly and he is in love with it.
My wife and I purchased this car to be used as a commuter car. My wife primarily used the car for the 12 mile drive to the hospital where she holds her residency.We were attracted to the overall appearance of the car and we though it would make a reliable third car. It's been a love/hate relationship with this car, mostly hate.This is our 6th Mercedes since 1991. This is by far the worst built MB we've ever owned. I refer to the car as our German Chevette. The rattles that emit from the dash are intolerable. When you drive through a railroad crossing it feels as if the interior pieces are going to fall off and the quality of those pieces is questionable at best. The top always gets stuck in extreme temperatures. On a 95 degree July day this summer the top would not move. We could hear it moaning, but it was not able to retract. I'm told that this is a common SLK problem.The power provided by the supercharged 4 is adequate, but the unrefined engine noise is not acceptable. I'm certain that the 6 cylinder version of the SLK is a huge improvement.The handling is more GT than sports car. There is plenty of body roll and the steering is vague at best. The best thing I can say about the handling is that it's predictable.The brakes are very good, with very little fade even when we had the car up at Lime Rock, CT.The manual transmission is not very smooth. I've driven 25k Hondas that put this unit to shame.Mercdes had a wonderful idea with this car, but it's execution leaves a lot to be desired, especially for longtime MB owners. We would not purchase this version of the SLK ever again.
Paid $36,900 for my year-old demo w/6000 miles on it.  Dealership wouldn't budge on the price, but when you're getting a steal how can you argue.  Speaking of arguments - make sure your dealership actually cares about you, not just your wallet.  MB of Cherry Hill's Service guys are excellent.  Sales, well that's another story.I've had the car for 2 months and have driven it through the worst rain imaginable.  No leaks, no noise - what a joy.  The exhaust takes some getting used to, but at higher revs with the stick it actually sounds good with the top down.Mileage is worse than I expected and the supercharger makes for some interesting weather-related performance variables (flooring it when it's hot & muggy outside is definitely a different experience than on a cool evening).  The 'mystery' hesitation/spasm when cold actually does exist and is annoying for about 2-5 miles until she warms up or I change my driving style.  After that, look out!I'd whole-heartedly recommend this car to anyone that doesn't need to haul people or things on a regular basis.  It's way too fun to drive and the looks you get - that's just a bonus.  Do yourself a favor and get a radar detector (a good one!) because you'll find you're exceeding the speed limit way too soon and way too often.
This car has spent more time in the shop than any car I've ever owned. The problems started with a check engine light and faulty fuel gauge and have continued to become worse.When it's running the car is enjoyable. The supercharged 4 cylinder is not very smooth, but the power is OK. It's the type of car that feels like it's going fast even though it's not.All in all, a lemon.
An excellent roadster for everyday use.  Performance isn't quite as good as competitors (BMW Z3/M, Boxster), but the vario roof and comfort and convience equipment make it much more enjoyable to drive every day, especially in the winter.  Very, very fun car.  Haven't had a single mechanical problem with the car, and only have to bring it in for tune ups/oil changes every 12000 miles or so.
This is my second SLK (First was a 1999 SLK 230). Both are VERY VERY bad cars.The 230 was in the shop continualy for top problems and the 320 has been in for problems with the cheap interior and rattling and creaks. Don't count on MB to ever respond to letters or calls either. You always end up with the local rep. Not even a letter back from the regional or international HDQT's. Pretty sad since I have spent over $100,000 on MB cars in 3 years. But hey, they don't care.
A great car and to drive for fun.You can't beat this in the spring or fall! If you have the money and want a fun two seater this is a great pick.
Hi, I am curently number one on a waiting list in New Jersey for a silver, with black/with silver inserts, SLK32 AMG. I am planning on selling my spot on E-bay for about 5,000. This is reasonable because dealers will be charging up to 8-10k over sticker. Plus this is the number one spot. It should be arriving in about just a month. July 26 is the day it will arrive, although the release date (the day they can sell it) may be a few days afterwards. If you are interested in purchasing not through ebay......I will make deals with people before i put it on ebay. I will be putting it on ebay in about 2 weeks (todays is June 23rd.) Please hurry and e-mail me if you are interested!!-Josh  (Slexis200@aol.com)
THIS IS NOT THE REGULAR SLK320. THIS IS THE SLK32. This is the AMG model to the SLK. It has 349hp. And 0-60 is under 5. Its redicilous. I have the Number one spot at my Mercdes dealership. I am willing to sell the spot for money :) If you are interested Please e-mail me at Slexis200@aol.comDealers will have a waiting list atleast a year long now. This one is Silver with black/grey leather, and is comming this July. Its mercedes' fastest roadster ever. Some dealers may charge up to 20,000 over sticker, since this is a limmited edition car of 1,000 cars this year.-Slexis200@aol.com
This car is not worthy of the 3 pointed MB star.From the whiny engine to the cheap interior, it's an absolute disappointment.
I had this car as a company car in Germany for almost 1.5 years and put about 30000 miles on it during this time under all possible weather and road conditions. Although it was only the 2 liter engine without the compressor (136hp) which has never been sold in the US, this car was lots of fun. Fast (it gets easily upto 130 mph), fuel efficient and great convertible with the foldable roof.With the heated seats and the strong heating it makes lots of fun in the winter when driving with the open top. Especailly when it is snowing. I loved it. If you want attraction, wait for the winter, open the roof and drive around in the snow. The people will stare at you...
DONT BUY THIS CAR. The engine could not power a leaf blower. This car is exactly like one of those Barbie/G.I.Joe toy cars you buy a Toys R' us for 5 year olds that run on batteries. The ones where little kids sit in them and pretend they are driving a real car. This is the best I can explain this car. You are better off with a Porsche boxster or definally the BMW  M-roadster(rocket)!!!!!
I love this car!!! It is way faster than I would have expected and has not lost in a speed-off from a light yet! I have the auto with AMG sport package. It gets tons of attention and even the Mercedes dealer could not tell that it was a 1999, he thought it was a newer model.
Handling is stiff minimum understear...the traction control limits slides and hesitates the 0-60 acceloration on a slam footed jump...
Considered a Vette, but I did not want the poor gas mileage. Tried a new SLK230 and fell in love. Found a used one on eBay at a great price. Absolutely great performance plus good gas mileage.
I was a little hesitant in buying this car at first but the dealer offered a 7 day money back guarantee and a 30 day exchange policy. I really love the car its a really fun car to drive, its small and nimble and handles pretty well. Sporty and stylish looks and the retractable hardtop is awesome.
Bought her on a whim. not recommended. probably overpaid by 5k at the time. Nice AMG 17' rims and triple black. was 18 months used and had low mileage at 17k miles. Great dash and feel once you got in. Looks great when polished up from outside.
Plainly put, the SLK is ideal if you want a sleek, elegant looking car but isn't for the true car enthusiast. The concept of putting a hard top down at a red light is something that attracts most buyers, but when you buy an SLK you buy just that, a retractable hardtop with nice curves all around.     THE TOP:     This is the SLK's main feature, which seals the car up quickly and does such a good job, you might forget that the top even goes down. I found the cabin to be relatively quiet at high speeds and suitable for the winter. The car comes with a net that can be put around the roll-over bars that reduces wind and noise significantly.    THE DRIVE     The SLK's performance is certainly above average, but not as sporty as its sticker price suggests. The SLK has a solid grip on the road for day to day driving, but it cannot hold its own when power sliding or turning at high speeds. The traction control is supposed to help but gives it more of a slothish feel than anything.       Acceleration and brakes are pluses, with the former giving drivers some bang for their buck when they feel the wheels pushing them from right behind and the brakes performing better than your average sportscar.    MECHANICAL QUALITY     My SLK saw a handful of visits to the delearship for repairs. There was an overheating problem which was taken care of with my warrentee, which I recommend getting. The two other problems I had were the replacement of the hardtop motor and a new starter, all of which were covered by warrentee. The SLK clearly lacks the mechanical quality of the other Mercedes-Benz classes          Despite these problems, the body's integrity is great, and you notice the quality as soon as you sit in the car. The heating and air conditioning are also well done, both offering temperature adjustments without hassle. The stock sound system is excellent, and still better than most stock sound systems today.    INTERIOR     The SLK has a retro feel, with the dials in the fashion of classic European cars. The cabin is roomier than other roadsters, with the seats being more suitable far a quick ride rather than a long trip. The cupholders come out of the console, which is not exactly the best place for them. The seats, shiftknob, carpeting, and trim are all of excellent quality, as you would expect from the world's premier luxury car make.    A PERSONAL EXPERIENCE     I dodged a cone falling off of a truck on the highway at about 40 mph, in which the SLK made a laser sharp turn, getting me out of the way without any problem.
Great car. i bought it 4 years ago and never had a problem with the car.The 4 cylinder has 190hp out runs any thing on the block.retractibale top awesome. People who do not take good enough care of this top will have MANY PROBLEMS.( dont open while driving) The coolest car ever. Greatest investment i ever made. buy it its fun and sporty!
Great car. i bought it 4 years ago and never had a problem with the car.The 4 cylinder has 190hp out runs any thing on the block.retractibale top awesome. People who do not take good enough care of this top will have MANY PROBLEMS.( dont open while driving) The coolest car ever. Greatest investment i ever made. buy it its fun and sporty!
I really enjoy the car....when it's not at the dealer for repairs. It's fun to ride with the covertible down on a sunny day. It handles well. However, I don't think that I will purchase another one considering the amount of problems that I have had in the short amount of time that I have had the car. Please do your research before purchasing.
I love the car for its performance but I have had major problems with the roof either not opening or not closing.    My dealer could not solve the problem. Can anyone advise how their dealer solved the issue?
I LOVE THIS CAR.  It's fun to drive.  Corners quite well, accelerates great, sound system is wonderful.  Retractable hardtop is a snap and easy to handle.  Large trunk space.
I would say it has been a pleasure to own and am glad to have chosen it over similar competitors.
This is a cute convertible.If you're  not utterly and absolutely enamored with the retractable hardtop you should look elsewhere because the car isn't that special once you get past it.First off, the car is somewhat slow or at least it feels slow and that because of the supercharged 4 cylinder. The engine just doesn't sound right. It also causes reverberation in the interior of the car.I was hoping for a sports car when I bought my SLK, but this car is a little too soft when entering corners quickly. The handling does not inspire confidence when driving hard.The brakes are very nice. The feel good and the grip is tenacious.The seats need a little more support when driving aggressively.I like the stereo. The reception is fine here in NY.I didn't think a Mercedes was supposed to have squeaks and rattles. I guess that myth is shot to heck.I'd never buy another unless they drastically improve the car. When I sell this I'll probably consider a BMW 323 convertible or maybe I'll go with the Saab. After this experience I'll take a very long test drive with both cars.It's possible I have a bad example, but doubtful. Make sure you extensively test drive this car before you buy or lease one.Good luck in your search!
I've owned my SLK for more than 2 years. The first month of ownership was a lot of fun. Then a few problems occurred.The top would not go back up on a number of occassions. The dealer told me that this was due to the extreme heat and the metal latches were expanding and contracting. He was right. Once the car cooled down, later that night, the top was once again operable. Mercedes, how about equipping the SLK with a more heat resistant top?The stereo reception is terrible. I don't live far from Dallas so the reception should be good. The dealer told me that they were all like that.After approximately 1k miles the engine began to sound more harsh. I don't know if the engine was breaking in or whether the baffling in the exhaust was starting to go. Once again, the dealer told me this was normal. Hey, I love the sound of a sports car, but this thing just sounds sick.The computer module (chip?) in the transmission had to be replaced when the car would not operate in reverse.I find these problems unacceptable, but Mercedes is selling thousands of these cars and probably don't care.I think I'll try the BMW Z3 or the Porsche Boxster next time.
This is a very fine all around automobile.  Wit the top up, you have a very secure environment, no cloth top or plastic rear window to worry about.  The top-down motoring is incredibly fun.  Certainly not a speed demon, but in my three years of driving it, I've never thought that I needed more - in other words, it's plenty fast.  Sure footed handling and stability at high speed.  I've not had the sqeaking/rattling problem that others complain about.  Perhaps, my early production model had a bit higher quality control.  
I WAS LUCKY TO PURCHASE MY 1998 230SLK WHICH CAME EQUIPT WITH THE LORINSER PACKAGE.  IN LESS THAN 2 WEEKS I HAVE PUT 500 MILES. OUT OF A POSSIBLE SCORE OF 1 TO 10, I GIVE IT A 8. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS CAR FOR ANY LADY WHO WANTS TO BE THE CENTER OF ATTENTION. AS FAR AS YOU GUYS ARE CONCERNED AS LONG AS YOUR NOT OVER 6' FEET YOU WILL HAVE A COMFORTABLE RIDE! GO FOR IT!
(1998 Model) - Very enjoyable fun car to drive.Like the conveniece of the power conv. top. Just enough horse power for that sports car feel. Overall good performance and handling.
Just bought this car less than 2 months ago from at Private owner for estimated USD$22000, It is a 1996 which is the first Year model Benz SLK. I am located in Hong Kong where cars tax are extremely expensive. This car cost over US$80,000 New (HK$700,000)in 1996. This cars has only 32000Km or 20000miles on the clock the engine and the transmission feel brand new.The exterior car is Metallic Blue if my favarite color by far. Since most of the SLK on the street are Silver. Love the top. It is excellent. You can open and close you top at the stop light. It is so cool. Just love watching it. Accelation Acceleration is very good. Handling is not as good as my previous BMW. This is more like a cruiser NOT a real sport car. If you live in a highly populated city like Hong Kong this car should be sufficient. I found the SLK handles very bad on the wet. (Probably is my tire). Also there are some rattle from the roof when driven on the rough bumpy road. I am not sure this is due whether is the age of my car or it is apply to all SLK. This rattle remind me of my older MX-5 Mazda Maita I used to have back in college.
Best car ever, to upgrade from a 1981 VW Golf Now looking foer the new 2009 SL, Hoping the Grill of the SL will be passed on to the SL..  PLS PLS PLS say it will. Vanessa
Cheap interior.Paint over plastic scratches easily. Body creaks,Top leaks water and plenty of wind noise.CD Changer only works 1/2 the time. Needs brakes at 40,000 miles.?? Lots of problems with the Remote locking and alarm system.It's been to the dealer many times. NOT FIXED. It's all smoke and mirrors. Fancy facility,guys in ties, but sucky service. They couldn't fix a toaster.  Oh come on $300 for an oil change!!!!!
Sun Burst Yellow SLK 230 is one of the best color for this roadster, very impressive look with $4,000 Sport Package.Retrack able roof made it is easy to convert from hard top to convertible.This is the the feature that sold me.
A fun car to drive for weekend, reponsive, good brake, open top. Mechanically very reliable, never experience any mechanical and electrical problems. 
Good price for thid mode , indeed I recommend it.
I bought this car (2000 model Bahama Blue with AMG package, blacka nd white interior) for my wife's birthday. I do get to drive it quite a bit and it is a wonderful roadster. Its not a pure sports car like the Honda, or even the Porsche or BMW, but it looks so much better and I cannot afford one mor eticket anyway!The AMG package gives it incredible grip, and I have taken it out for some serious spirited blasts -- a solid performer. Torquey, if slightly underpowered, it does enough. It really is a lovely piece of engineering and the top is so trick, it makes the car absolutely drivable anywhere, anytime. affordable too.
A real head-turner!! I get a ton of compliments on this car. When I am passing folks I read a lot of lips saying 'NICE CAR!' I thoroughly happy with my purchase. I really wanted a 911 but as a daily driver it is very low and not as smooth a ride. This car is great for the 40+ crowd that wants a little of both the sporty and luxury worlds. If only it was a convertible I would have hit the grand slam!
First time Porsche buyer: ecstatically happy with my 4s and am surprised at purists who deride the look: it 'purely' wraps the car's epic achievements, isn't that the essence of Porsche? Its presence on the street gives off a positive aura; people give it a thumbs up: I'm amazed at the positive comments even from gracious drivers of prime competing cars. On top of that it's light weight, incredibly fast for (relatively) modest horsepower yet gets no fuel guzzler tax and is an ultra low emissions vehicle. Plus, the purists wouldn’t even have their 'pure' cars without the profit generated by the likes of these; and now Panamera is the best selling model! (Why slap someone who saved your loved one from drowning?) I grow more fond of it each day and sneak out to look at it often; it has a '1940's' sensibility to the side and rear view which is unique. It will be around for a while just because the machine is magnificent in every possible way; purists please get used to it.
RL tech is full of defects. Stay away from it... I bought the car on 4/3/2008, and as of today 5/17/2008, I found myself bringing the car for repair more than 1/2 the time I own it. There are several defects that the dealership fixed such as part failure underneath the seat, noise coming from the column on the right etc. yet, there is at least one 'major' manufacturing defect. The windshield  'moves' making the car unsafe. The rattling noise of the windshield banging against the car structure is loud and noticeable even when the car is stationary. As for my car, dealer has to remove the windshield, the headligner etc and still trying to figure out problem and fixing it. honda don't care about customers, they really did not take any action after weeks of contacting.
well built..excellent fit and finish..front seats really deluxe..superior handling for a sedan
Overall a big waste of money. If you like overpaying for cars with obvious faults and like to have no customer care from either the dealer or the company, then the Acura RL is the car for you.
I bought a used 05 RL about a month ago. 43000 miles on it, paid 26,995 and bought the bumper to bumper 7yr/100000k warranty for an extra $900.  Can't say enough good things about this car. Handles great, very good acceleration, quiet, but still leaves you in touch with the road. Electronics are a bit overwhelming, but they all work well and over time suspect I will learn them better. Wish it had more than 12 xm presets. Gas mileage is phenominal, got 30 mpg on a 400 mile highway trip on 89 octane gas. have been averaging 25 city/suburban. I don't drive it hard, but the trick is to quickly get the car into 5th gear and ride it down to about 37-40, which keeps rpms around 1500 or slightly lower. Styling on outside is a little bland, but not bad, interior is superb! Most people that have sat in this car have commented that it's as nice as mercedes/BMw's they've sat it.
We've only had our new 2003 for a month now but it's been sublime! This car was not built nor manufactured it was DESIGNED and ENGINEERED! Upon reading the manual I learned there was a little hidden drawer for coins and sundry objects on the left side of the cockpit (yes it feels like a Lear jet). When I found this little box and activated it I was surprised that it slid out perfectly on some kind of spring actuated hydraulic feeling mechanism! I was once more stunned when I brushed my finger on the bottom of the little drawer! They had gone to the trouble of lining it with velvet velour! From this minor accessory example you can easily extrapolate what care and thought went into the primary and secondary systems of this Automotive Masterpiece!
I BROUGHT THIS CAR IN MAY OF 2001 I WAS READY TO BUY A 2001 LEXUS LS 430 WITH ULTRA PACKAGE BUT THAT I WOULD HAVE TO WAIT FOR THE CAR. I BROUGHT THIS CAR INSTEAD AND GOT PLEASANTLY SURPRISED.SMOOTH RIDE EASY NAVIGATION SYSTEM COMFORTABLE SEATS BOOMING SOUND SYSTEM FOR THE PRICE I SAVED ABOUT 20.000 DOLLARS AND MY INSURANCE COST WASNT BAD EITHER.THE ACURA DEALERS ARE AMONGST THE BEST IN CUSTOMER SATISFACTION IN THE COUNTRY. ACURA MAY BE SECOND ONLY TO LEXUS IN RELIABILTY FOR LUXURY VEHICLES
This is my first luxury car and I must say for the most part I am very pleased.  I have coworkers that have MB's, BMW's, Audi's, etc.  For the money I think I did very well.
This is our 7th Honda product. Nothing like it. We will not buy anything else. A smooth ride and a solid body structure. A car that can handle 5 full size passengers and just about anything Mother Nature can whip up.  An outstanding ride. An overall reputation of quality, a history of excellent design and a long heritage of worl class luxury sedan. Worth every penny.
Acura is a quite luxurious car, which is in a class by itself. Its price puts this car in competition with Lexus ES300, GS300, AudiA6 2.8, BMW 3- series. I have previosly owned a '98 ES300, which is an excellent luxury car -- however, Acura is a superior car in any respect( luxury, features, ride quality and smooth responsiveness). A GS300 is a small car with rough ride, noisy engine, poor quality stereo without option to upgrade( Levinson's system exists only on Lexus' website and impossible to get from a dealer), but with sporty look and feel. However, for 42K it's a rip off. Acura is much smoother, more comfortable, bigger, has ALL the toys INCLUDED ! Audi A6 2.8 is underpowered, feels smaller inside, is not nearly as luxurious as an RL. Even though Audi has Quattro and German quality, Acura feels so much more luxurious, powerfull and equipped, the choice is obvious-- at least to me.
Acura has hit on a fine combination of luxury and performance at a bargain price (if you could call any car costing $40K a bargain). I would have prefered an A6 2.7T , an E Class or an LS400 but all are much more expensive without providing a comparable increase in content. I know that Acura is subsidising the lease deals on these cars, but what do I care? My only real desire would be for Acura to introduce an S Type variant — one that would push the performance envelope a bit further. By the way, after four months and 5,000 miles, I've experienced ZERO defects or problems.
This is Acura #2 for me. 4+ years without any problem of any kind. Given features included for the price, and reliability I would certainly recommend it 
Absolutely the best value for the money.  What other car in this class of luxury could be bought for under $33K?  
Overall this an excellent and luxurious car at a very reasonable price    (~$40k). Also Acura dealers seem willing to negotiate so you should haggle whether leasing or buying. So $ for $ the Acura is probably better value than the BMW/Mercedes unless you must have that V-8.
Price paid: $40K with Naviagation system.  Great value.  I have not had any problems - minor or otherwise.  Would highly recommend the car.
Refined and reliable. Perhaps a bit boring, but the car surrounds you in luxury. The new Navigation system is amazing.I paid $39,900 for the RL with Nav option. The dealers aren't negotiating much on the Nav cars, since they're in low supply, but they're over-supplied on the non-Nav version. In our area the non-Navs are going in the mid 36K range. Right now Acura is promoting a 39 month lease program with a 0.00152 money factor that is comparable to a 3.5% interest rate. At this rate, even if you plan to buy the car at the end of the lease period, the lease saves you money compared to current conventional loan rates; plus, you save money on up front sales tax (7.75% here in CA). Check out www.leasesource.com for worksheets that help you compare lease versus purchase with a variety of scenarios.Value? Probably a 4 rather than a 5, since I can't honestly say that any $40k car can be considered a good 'value'; the overall rating, though, is a strong 5.
This car is very smooth. No complain on anything as far as quality and reliability goes. Very quite. I think this is why they do not want to put V8 engine. It is not like you will ever need more power. Only thing the V8 can do is increase price and noise while lower MPG.
All around good car for the money. However, some standard or optional features are needed if this car is to compete with Lexus, MBenz, and BMW. I would consider purchasing another RL at the end of my lease term if Acura steps up and delivers an RL with at least 275hp, more features (listed below) and a larger cabin.
big enough- i'm 6'2 200lbs and this car fits just right. Anything smaller bugs me. Very quiet, has great handling, good acceleration, great comfort, great reliability, superior looks, great sound system, great ergonomics, annoying trunk cd changer, phenomenal lights (once you go xenon everyone else's a peon)
Purchased new in 2000. Previously owned 1996 TL. Excellent vehicle. Ride and feel on distance trips and in town driving are exceptional. Car is four years old with 26,500 miles and still looks new. Have found that the car drives well with mid-grade and with regular gasoline. This is a low maintaince auto. Not expensive to maintain.
Bought the car in 2002 with 60k miles on it. Looks and runs like new. It now has 84k miles on it, had to replace an oxygen sensor, check engine light came on to tell me this. Had to have the front rotors resurfaced, I warped them some how. Probably breaking hard at 80 mph, which in my opinion shouldn't hurt a car that costs over 40k new. Other than that, I have changed the oil and put gas in it. People get in it and think it is a new car, I laugh and tell them it has 84k miles on it. They look at me kindof funny.
Best vehicle I've owned. Baught it used with 102,000 miles. I took a leap of faith with the high mileage due to good reviews,and glad I did. This vehicle has been maintenance free outside of oil changes and 1 set of brake pads. Good power and still accelerates silky smooth at 156,000 miles,Amazing! If you want to experience honda engineering at it's best this is it.
Solid quality, handsome, elegant, responsive car.  This is my fifth big Acura, having owned a 1987 5-speed and leased a 1988, 1991 and 1995(twice)Legend; also my wife has leased three Integras.  I hesitated to lease an RL after the Legends, thinking the RL was too big and expensive by comparison; now,especially after looking at the competition, I'm happy with the upgrade to RL. We have always felt that we had among the very best cars on the road, and never felt that we had to pay too much for them.  I always smile when I get into this car, and have received many compliments about its fine appearance.  The car loves the open road, and does fine around town as well.
$43,000 paid and worth every penny if not more.
$40,000 paid.Would highly recommend the 3.5RL for it's high luxury valueas compared Lexus and Mercedes.
I am completely impressed with this car. It's got everything you want in a luxury car and more.  Compared to more expensive products from Lexus, BMW & Mercedes, it's a terrific value.  It's taking a little time for me to get used to a softer, luxurious ride as I finally had to trade in my BMW 328 5 spd for a more practical, family luxury car.Overall though, I am very happy with it.
Good quality, good exterior look, brake works very well. Well equiped, Smooth ride. Paid $33k for 1999 model with 9k miles in April 2000. It would be better if the CD change is in dash. I tried 2000 model of Lexus ES300, it drives close to Camry V6. 
(1998 Model) - Overall this is the best car I have owned.  I have owned an Acura Vigor before this model and this model exceeds the Vigor in every respect.  The car feels solid and refined when driven without being too stiff.  Ride is a good combination of firmness and comfort.  Car is very quiet even at highway speeds.  Engine is a V-6 though performance is excellent.  Engine is as smooth and responsive as any V-8 I have driven. I would not hesitate to own another Acura.
This is by far the best car I've had. We bought it in Venezuela and drove it there at a top speed of 140mph. That's pretty impressive for a car with only 210 hp. Imagine what it would do if it had a V8. I've owned this car since 1998 and had not a single problem with it. Only the usual routine maintenance.
98 rl all opts. including navi...bought it with 42000 miles it now has 105k and has developed a slight trans problem...not happy..I also have a 94 legend  with 320,000miles and never had any problems...anybody wanna buy this thing from me...my legends pic is on the wall at the acura dealer....i think i'll try a 98 ls4oo next..or wait for the new RL
After a year of researching cars, I decided to purchase an Acura RL. I drive over 30k miles a year and I wanted a luxury vehicle which was reliable and asthetically handsome. I have only owned my Black on black RL for 1 week and so far, I think I'm happy with my choice. The price was great ($16,250 with 50k Miles) considering all the features, especially compared to the Lexus 400 and the 5 series BMW.  The exterior, in my opinion, is much more refined and better looking than either of the fore-mentioned and the interior is just beautiful! I plan on owning this vehicle for many years to come and I'm hoping that it will be as reliable as a honda-made car should be. The car is wonderful to drive, smooth and sharp. I test drove the Lexus GS300 and the Q45 - this was more comparable to the Q45 although the engine is smaller...who needs a V8 anyway?
The Honda motor company makes great products. Not flashy, but represent solid value. Just check Accords, Civics, Odessey, MDX, 3.2TL, all class toppers.  I have been driving their products since 1983 when I bought my first Accord. In 1986, I bought the new EX. I kept that car for many years and put on over 330,000 KLM or 204k miles. I gave it to my neighbour who has put on another 100KLM or 62k miles.    In 1997 I bought a used 92 Legend LS great car. Beautiful design. I bought it for $19,500, used it five years and traded it for a 1998 3.5RL. With the trade, I paid 19,500. I have been driving this car for about two months and to date, nothing has caused me displeasure. I love this car, especially to drive. The shape is also growing on me.    The 3.5 is the Rodney Daingerfield of Luxury cars. It is the victim of snobbery from BMW, Lexus and Benz driver and want-to-be drivers. It gets no respect and that is just fine with me. If more of those snobs would get off their high horses and step into the RL, the streets would be crowded with them. Then, I would not feel so Special!!
I love this car, best car Ive ever owned. No problems at all. Stll looks new at 59,ooo miles. Leather still looks new.Dealer service has always been the best. Plenty of power,very quiet,very comfortable. I would buy another one in a heart beat!
I have nothing but praises for this vehicle. I have had it for less than a month. I purchased it used at Cloninger Ford Toyota in NC. So far we have taken it on a mini roadtrip(5 hrs) and it did quite well. It could be a lot better as far as fuel is concerned. Other than that it is a great car.
Overall I really tried to like this car and I did in many respects but in the end I lost faith in the mechanical and technical aspects of the car. Far too many weaknesses for the Acura reputation. The dealer service however was exceptionally good. Hopefully the newer models have got the bugs out.
Like many of you I have owned several cars(Q45, Lexus 400, 3 mercedes,etc.)--I also owned an acura legend. This car constantly amazes me--it may not be the best in any one area--however it  excels in all areas. It is hard to find a single fault with this car. Considering it has bullet proof reliability, gets decent gas mileage,and provides a very comfortable and quiet ride(even at 80-90mph it is very quiet)--it is very hard to justify the thousands of extra dollars for a lexus, Q, or mercedes. You can find these cars used for a very reasonable price--drive one before you decide on something else. Be sure you get the premium model--comes with cd,moon roof, traction control etc.
I drove nice Honda Accords for 4 years and I upgraded to the best honda sedan on the market. . .the 3.5RL and I must say I love every inch of it!  I got a 97' with 31000 miles on it for $22500, about 4 or 5 thousand under blue book.  Not only that but I got a 100,000 mile bumper to bumper warrenty that covers everything, even electronics because there are 8 onboard cpu's.  This car has the best V6 I've ever driven(excluding the BMW M3) and it has all the luxeries ever needed, however if you're like me then you need sportiness(I was about to buy an RX-7 but the insurance is out of this world when you're only 20 years old). . .so there is a place called Comptech Motorsports that upgrades the RL.  It's basically the only place where you can purchase aftermarket parts for a 3.5RL.  I've added a high-flow air filter, cross-drilled rotors and competiton brake pads which has given my RL a performance boost.  I still plan on getting a front strutbar, brake lines, 18inch rims, and they even have lowering springs that lower it 1.5' in the front and 1.2' in the rear, if you use the lowering springs make sure you buy the koni adjustable shocks and camber kit as well.  After all those mods my RL will not only be very luxerious but will handle, accelerate and brake as well as any other luxery sedan!  Oh yeah and don't forget this car is beautiful as well, especially with all tinted windows and 18inch rims.
MY GIRLFRIEND BOUGHT THE CAR 2DAYS AGO FOR ALMOST 1/2 THE NEW CAR PRICE WITH ONLY 41,000 MILES ON IT. THE DEALER GAVE HER THE REMAINDER OF 100,000 MILE WARRENTY BUMPER TO BUMPER!!! THATS BETTER THAN HONDAS' NEW CAR WARRENTY BY 23,000 MILES. SHE REALLY WANTED A NEW ONE BUT $42,000 WAS A BIT MUCH. THE TL DIDN'T REALLY APPEAL TO HER & THE ACCORD DIDN'T PUT CHILLS DOWN HER SPINE WHEN SHE CAME BACK TO IT AFTER DOING SOME SHOPPING. SO SHE BIT THE BULLET,FINALLY, & GOT WHAT SHE WANTED FOR OVER $3,000 UNDER BLUE BOOK. OVERALL FACTOR IS, SHE IS VERY HAPPY WITH HER CHOICE. GOING FROM A 88CIVIC TO THIS IS QUITE AN UPGRADE BUT A WELL DESERVED ONE FOR HER.
I paid the $29,000 Canadian (eqivalent of $18,000-19,000 U.S) for a 97 with 67,000 km (48,000 miles).  The car is in superb condition throughout.Frankly, I was surprised at how affordable the RL's are after 2 or 3 model years.  In Canada, a new RL is $54,000.  In my case, I paid roughly 40% less than the original sale price for a car that, in my opinion, is barely broken in!  Having looked at Mercedes, BMW and Lexus, I think the RL is either undervalued, underappreciated, poorly marketed or a combination of all three. The manager of the dealership where I purchased the RL told me after I bought it that many of his clients that have owned an RL, have become almost loyal to the car.  He also said that it is harder to get a new customer to purchase an RL than to keep an existing RL driver as a repeat client.  He thought this was due to a lack of profile of the car when compared with the 3.2 TL which is heavily promoted. The question is, would I reccommend the car?  Absolutely.
The RL is perhaps the best car ever made. The workmanship is excellent both interior and exterior. If you want to sell the car after 2 to 3 model year, however, RL is not the right one to own. But if you want to keep it for over 5 years, RL is the best car to have, period.  
I disagree with other peoples opinion about the styling of the car being bland or not a head turner. I think the car is very elegant and I was attracted to it because of it's similarity in styling to the comparible Lexus and Mercedez models at a much better price. I am 6'-4' tall and fit in the car very comfortably and will have a very hard time going back to an Accord or Altima in the future.
The Legend Family from day one is a Credit to Honda. The Legends of the late 80's were fantastic cars, the quality has amazing...so the later models are holding up one hell of a legacy started a few short years ago. That aside the '96 'series 3' Legend has an understated poise that is all class. Anyone who knows what they are talking about would not slag this car, its a case of you either like it or you dont.Me...I Loooooove this car. Why? because when I look at it I feel good, when I drive it I feel good, when my family is in it, I know they are in a well built, conmfortable SAFE car.If I had the money I may have bought a Lexus LS 400, but as time goes by I somehow feel that my next car will be a Honda Legend.   
I am driving this car for more than 5 years, I am not satisfied with its gear changing with jerk feature(gear changing is not smooth), dealer changed my bise stero system once. 4 window regulator gone bad, dealer changed one under warrenty, 3 others i changed for more than one grant, definitely you can expect a break down in its automatic window regulators with in 3 years of use.I never heard in my life 3 automatic window regulators go bad with in 3 months for this kind of high costly car.Breaks are not poerful enogh to stop in emergency situations.Acura has to do more home work on this.Steering is heavy, not smooth as a MB e320 or lexus ls400.Vehicle stability is another problem, but better than any American cars. 
I had my front left window broken(Regulator) just after the 50000 warrenty expires, i payed 450 dollar for that an acura dealer to fix it, just after two months my back two window regulators are broken, i felt very bad on this with the acura, they had covered my parts at this time, not the labour another couple of hundred dollars i had to spent on this.. When i told the sad story to acura client service manager Allen, he refused to give me the labour to cover...BAD CAR ... and a BAD experiance ..
   I'm a high school senior, and I'm lucky enough to have this car on lease. I haven't driven any other luxury cars so I have nothing to compare my experience to. While my friends are driving Celicas, Integras, and Civics, I'm more than content with this vehicle. The stereo system is bumpin, extremely smooth ride, and the seats are very comfortable; I love driving. 
First impressions, VERY smooth ride. Suspension is a little too soft. Interior has good spec. Mileage is 69,000 and is like new. ONE MAJOR PROBLEM is the automatic gear shift. From 1-2 you hear a jerk as it changes up. Slightly jerky and not very smooth either. I had a Lexus GS300 1995 before this and the Honda doesn't even come NEAR it. I will be selling this car after only 2 days (Yes I bought it yesterday!) and will be buying a New LEXUS GS300 SE next week.
First the styling, very clean nonintrusive and masculine shape thru out.  This car is more of a conservative appearance with great fit amd finish.  The V6 engine has the power of V8, with very sporty sound at full throttle but otherwise virtually silent. Very well matched tranny, the car accelerates better then expected and pulls strong all the way up to 140mph.  Yes 140mph, nice and calm too and the car is suprisingly tight and precise at high speeds.  Otherwise the suspension is more on the soft side with moderate amount of body roll but don't let that scare You.  The car tracks and goes where u point it even when pushed to the limit as long as the tires handle it. Emergency handling is extremly precise and controlable without any suprises, again as long as u have rubber that grips.    The silence is the key word for this car. Weather cruising at 60mph or 100 mhp this car is extremly quite from engine to windnoise. excellent noise filtering over rough payvament.  Great interior layout too. Love the gauges. great seats for long travel. 
I brought the RL in 98'(plum color ).  It drove lovely. As a pre-owned purchase, I was very satisfied with my choice. The car does handle well at high speed (120mph) and can take whatever you throw at it. Since the 96' model, Acura has finetuned the RL to respond better.  I am looking forward to driving the 2002 model equip with eveything it has to offer.
Car runs very well. Never had any major engine or transmission problems. Great car to own overall. I brought it in March of 2002 pre-certified with 41,200 miles on it and I still own it. The car has 85,500 miles on it now.
Bought this car back in 2000. It is a good car. Black on Black with 18' crome rims and crome exhaust pipes with 117K and still looks new.  Had no problems except the rear window regulator. Bought it from a web site for $65 and replace it myself.
Best car I ever owned. You canot go wrong with this car.
Overall great car. Comfortable on highway rides, stable in snow conditions.
This car is outstanding. There's a certain harmony that comes from all the gadgets on board. When you push a button or move a lever its quiet  and soft.Even the steering is silky smooth. Mine is black with black leather and chrome wheels, quite a looker. I bought it used with 28,000 miles and it now has almost 65,000 miles (3 yrs later). It is still as solid as the day I bought it. I've tested the Lexus LS400 and MB E320 and each car has its strengths and weaknesses, however overall in terms of value the Legend is quite a package. Reliability, fun, value and great looks. Even though the Legend was discontinued 6 yrs ago it still looks great. It has always stood out in a crowd and 6 yrs later it still does. My problems with the car have been few. A power antannae and steering adjustment switches, all replaced under warranty. Also, once in a great while a power door lock won't work but this happens 1 time out of 100. At the time of purchase I opted to have an alarm installed, big mistake, they installed a Karr alarm system. This has to be the biggest pc of junk ever. First of all the button on the key fob is raised above the surface of the fob itself so that when I put it in my pocket I would always either unknowingly unlock the car or activate the panic alarm which would take me at least 15 seconds to deactivate. Secondly, the key fob had a second button for my trunk release which I have to hold down for at least 5 seconds and this button is also raised. Don't get a 'Karr'.Anyway, I would definitely recommend this car to anyone looking for a reliable used luxury car who has about $15,000
The car is excellent.  I have never had a major problem with the car.  The motor is smooth and powerful, but could use a little more muscule. Overall I am very happy with the car.
Pretty fast, beautiful design, lots of interior space, good stereo. 
The only thing I can say is that I have had this car for over a year now, and the only significant amount of money that I have spent on the car was basically aftermarket products. In terms of repairs or replacement, well only the battery!!!It's one of those cars that is excellent all around. Performance, looks, luxury, and reliable!!!!!If you have any where between 8,000 or 14,000 bucks, and you are looking for a superb sedan or coupe, then a Legend is for you!!!!!For less money, you can also purchase the ninety and earlier models which are just as beautiful!!
The overall quality of the car is high but the seatbacks have a horizontal seam that I find less than comfortable. At 6' I feel slightly too tall for the cabin. My head seems to brush the sunroof at all times. The car is quick but doesn't have the athletic confidence of any of the BMW's in its class.  So save the money (upfront and on $85 per hour service) and buy a Honda or spend it and get a BMW.
I love this car. It's nicer than a Lexus and has a much better price point. The interior is flawless and there is plenty of power. A V8 would ruin the ride of this car... adding too much weight and cost. It's fine as is.
Wow! What a fantastic car! We bought ours on a Friday and took it on a long road trip only a week later. The RL's highway manners are beyond reproach and acceleration at those speeds is impressive. It quickly became clear that design, engineering, fit, and finish were of very high priority for the creators of this car.    The Bose sound system and the quality of its sound is wonderful. Controls are intuitive and easily manipulated with nice-feeling buttons. See below for our 'negatives' on it, though.    The Pearl White exterior color of our car is stunning and, with the beige leather interior, makes for a really beautiful combination. Our RL doesn't have the navigation, which is fine. We get around just fine without it.    We bought our RL after completing exhaustive research and, so far, couldn't be more pleased. According to our research, it's reasonable to expect a trouble-free experince with this car and we believe that will be the case with our car.    Also, according to our research, this car has some very innovative safety features, which made the RL even more attractive, since we'll be having children in the near future.     We do have complaints, however. They may be trivial, but could have been easily addressed at the design stage:    1. The absence of a dash-mounted CD player, coupled with the location of the changer in the trunk is a total hassle. Being able to play a single CD is important and we missed being able to on our trip.    2. Fuel economy is not great. We're lucky if we get 300 miles to the tank and that's all highway traveling.    3. At 6'4', I feel a bit cramped in the driver's seat. I couldn't adjust it any lower and my head is almost touching the edge of the sunroof opening.    Overall, this is a nearly perfect car for our needs.
I love my Car! Handles well, quiet, good ride, well built, people take a second look and admire it the more they look at it. I know it's looks are more on the conservative side but it is handsome and looks more expensive than it is.
very good all around leased for less than cars at the low 30s so good value looks like a mercedes &lexus 430 rides smooth but you could hear engine a little when rev hard 4 the money cant complain
I would recommend it because it's easy to drive, fun to drive and is a very dependable car.
I originally paid $33,000 for this car in 1988 and purchased it brand new.  It has been the best investment I have ever made when it comes to vehicles.  This car has had extremely low maintenance costs, has been problem free, still drives like a new car, is fun to drive, and is still worth $5,000+.  I would highly recommend an Acura for a vehicle that is sporty, fun to drive, dependable, low maintenance, and holds it resale value.  I have no complaints at all about Acura.
In 15 years and over 100K miles, this car has never disappointed.I perform all routine service myself.  Other than battery, brake pads, tires, timing belt (at 85K miles), I haven't had to change much. (One bulb burnt out in all these years.)  Still original struts and exhaust system.It is still as quiet and performs as well as when new.  Passes California's tough smog inspection by a factor of 10.This is an amazing automobile. 
I paid $24000 for my 1996 RL with 23,000 miles on it(not even broken in)and in that price I also recieved the 7year/100,000miles bumber to bumber warrenty. I woould have liked to have gotten the premium package which includes heated seats and mirrors, traction control, more woodgrain and a CD changer(which the previous owner had installed anyway). This is a great car BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!
Having just returned from driving my A6 in Europe for two weeks (see WARNING below about Audi’s European delivery program), during which I drove over 2,400 miles, I can report my complete satisfaction with the vehicle. Even when trying in vain to make sense of Italy’s road signs (which display far too many route numbers, city names, and regional descriptions, yet at the same time rarely what you need to reliably navigate through to your destination), the car was still a joy to drive. The A6 is a very comfortable car to drive, whether on a quick hop down the street or a long haul spanning a country. The seats (standard, not sport) hold you firmly in place yet produce no sore spots even after hours of riding. The low noise levels of the cabin aid greatly in limiting fatigue and the controls are well positioned for easy use. The much maligned MMI (main controller for navigation, radio, phone, and car setup options) does require some study, but is convenient to operate and a much better alternative than having 100 or so separate buttons. If you can point and click your way to this review, you can easily learn to operate all of the MMI functions. The performance and handling of the A6 is impressive. I opted for the 3.2 liter (3,123 cc) instead of the 4.2 to optimize both fuel economy and handling. The extra cost of the 4.2 both to purchase and operate is not easily justified by the moderate increase in acceleration. When I want to accelerate my eyeballs to the back of my head, I hop on my FJR1300 motorcycle. And the 3.2 does just fine in getting up to speed, whether merging, passing, or setting the pace for autobahn traffic. Driving in Germany is an experience everyone should have. After limiting my pace to 100 mph or so for the break in period, I reached the car’s electronic speed cap of 134 mph several times. In the A6, that seemingly reckless velocity is in reality a rather mundane occurrence while at the same time still very cool. Even at that speed, the car is rock solid with very tight steering and no drift, shake, wobble, or float. And when the time comes to rein in the horses for slower traffic ahead, the brakes are very controlled and predictable. The downside of course is that once my car is back here in the states, my ability to keep within our paltry speed limits will be greatly impeded. The suspension of the A6 is a surprising combination of road surface sensing and isolation from harsh jolts. The feel is like reading the road with your hands, having the ability to detect any grove, bump, ridge, or even surface composition changes. But that ever present and useful information is easily ignored and imposed on the driver only with substantial impacts with surface imperfections. You always “know” what conditions the tires are encountering but rarely do you have to think about it. And the quattro all wheel drive is truly remarkable. While I didn’t have any snow to drive on in Europe (Switzerland doesn’t allow cars up to it’s Jungfrau and Schilthorn areas), I did test out the traction control on a dirt parking lot. I stomped on the accelerator and got nothing but a surprising amount of forward acceleration. Any other drive system would have dug a hole and spread a lot of dirt. Having done a lot of research on quattro at torsen.com and other sites, I summarize its operation with the following: All other four wheel drive systems are like walking on a slippery sidewalk, slipping, and then catching yourself before you fall. Audi’s quattro is like not slipping in the first place. It does this by mechanically and instantaneously sending extra torque to the set of wheels (front or rear) that has more traction. Other systems have to slip first, then detect the slip with ABS sensors, then actuate a clutch which then sends more torque to the wheels with more traction. Audi does use ABS sensors to regulate slip between the left and right wheels on the front or rear of the car, but uses the ingenious and completely mechanical TORSEN center differential to distribute torque between the front and rear pairs of wheels. In most cases, this prevents slip before it happens, rather than trying to play catch up like those systems on BMW, Lexus, Mercedes, Acura, etc.
AUDI HAS A GREAT RIDE AND THE SOUND SYSTEM IS INCREDIBLE, YOU LITERALLY FEEL LIKE YOU ARE DRIVING ON AIR
Let there be no doubt this is a beautiful car. I have only one issue with this car and its somewhat of a big one- its in the shop every 3 months. A few weeks after leasing this car I went to start it up at the airport after being gone a few days. It died. Took it in and Audi service found nothing wrong with it. From then on, each time I started it the idle would stutter for a few minutes until it 'warmed up.' Audi service looked at it again and tried to convince me thats the way these cars are. It continued to die and had to be taken in again. This time it was faulty fuel injectors which they replaced under warranty. More recently the gas guage would fall from 1/4 tank to empty in a matter of seconds. I took it in again to find out it needed a new float in the tank and needed some software upgrades. No problem. Driving home I could smell a very strong odor of gas. This morning I walk into the garage to find my A-6 above an enormous puddle of gasoline. Ive had it with this thing.
Well my story began many years ago when i purchased a vw passat and loved it, then one day i was going up an icy road and got stuck with my passat and a quattro passed me with ease, then i knew i was missing out big on something, i bought an a4 (2002) and loved it but is is smaller than a passat so i bought a 2005 a6 black low suspension fully loaded, i don't buy new cars a total waste of money i paid 20k for a 65k car, so what it has some miles on it but not worth the extra expense, cars loose value all the time but less as the car gets older. i always buy the newer model, i would never have bought a 2004 because the model was revamped in 2005 next change is 2012 i think, that will be my next car when i buy another one in 2017 perhaps. so the quattro is second to none and goes like stink on ice and snow, esp is like the hand of god controlling the car. i have a steep driveway and would often get stuck with my passat, now ha it is a joke, the other day for the fun of it i sprayed my driveway with water when it was 0 degrees outside then drove out of my garage and stopped on the ice.....there was some wheel spin but it was not an issue to get up the hill. fwd or rwd forget about it never would make it up, i love quattro i don't mind it being winter anymore i love driving in the snow now, not many people can say that, much more fun to drive in the snow than dry because it is so capable, love passing people on the side of the road that are stuck or can't make it up a hill, my little devil inside me. so i will drive quattro for life now. super comfortable on long trips, i do pei and montreal often and don't need to stop to stretch. great car and used is a bargain. funny i went to the car show and liked the jeep wrangler rubicon with the top off and doors as well, i drove one but it was not bad for a 2011 model but certainly no where close in comfort to my audi but as a second car to play around with yes and to go off road rock crawling etc......invest in a innova 3100 to read the codes if you get a check engine light and change the part yourself if you can will save a ton of money. well hope this helps and prompts some of you who are not sure if you should buy one or not. you should just for the quattro alone, but you still have everything else that you want in a car as well. Dustin Canamsport@bellnet.ca 
This car is a great car, but will be my last Audi. I have had this car now for 4 years and have put 150K miles on it. I bought it with 45K miles on it. I have a very long commute and when there are no issues, this car is great. When there are issues, you are screwed! I have ran te gammit of possible problems and I currently am driving my back-up vehicle, a 2000 ford mustang as my car needs to go back into the shop. I have driven several vehicles to 200K+miles and this is the only one that has had this many issues. I have had to replace all 6 coil packs, the turbos, the suspension, the 2nd water pump, 1st was replaced during timing belt service, abs sensors, flasher relay, brake light switch and alternator. Currently my car is leaking oil and needs the ABS module replaced, the sunroof needs fixing as it leaks, and the torque converter needs replacing. Which by the way is in an Audi technical bulletin as this is a common failure. Also, my digital display in my dash is starting to disappear and my physical dash is starting to warp, remisnicent of the cheap ass Kia's in the mid 90's. I think that is it, but I have not driven the car in 8 months as I need to replace the Torque converter and will probably rebuild the tranny to be safe. Audi Customer service is non-existant which is why I will not own another Audi. I have persuaded at least 10 drivers not to buy Audi's. And before you think that this is a German car I am friends with multiple people whose vehicle Line-up range from BMW 3-7 series, Mercedes from C-s Series, SL and Kompressor, Lambos, Porsche's, Ferraris, Bentleys, Jags, and Rolls. Not a single one experiences anything like I have on this vehicle.
Dangerous transmission problem, resulting in several near fatal situations on the freeway!Have not driven the car for a few months (sits in my garage) while I wait for Audi to keep their promise to reimburse me.  So far alot of promises but no reasonable offer for a check....Incidently, Audi's regional manager offered to buy the car immeadiately without me asking.....What does that say?  Also, been told by various Audi technitions, advisors and ZF's own engineer that the  A6 4.2, has a transmission flaw!
This Audi A6 2.7T has lived up to all of my expectations, and more. I have a (pregnant) wife and two kids, so I wanted a performance vehicle that would still fit my family. I extensively researched cars in this class, and it provided the best cost, performance, style and size compromise.     After owning two BMWs, my expectations on the performance end are high. The A6 2.7T is even quicker than the 540i, while much more affordable, and even less costly than the 530i, while massively faster. In either event, the 5 series is both smallish and being replaced soon. The Jaguar S-type is gorgeous, but way too small inside, and much slower. Handling is not up to par, either. The MB E-Class is untouchably expensive and way too sedate--not a performance car. The Lexus IS is way too small, and the GS is ugly, overpriced, and not my idea of fun. The only comparison was with the Acura 3.2TL Type R, which is very inexpensive and quick. However it is also not a handler, looks boring, is very common, and, most importantly, does not come with a shifter, except in a coupe; great value, though.    Except for a slightly rough idle, the car has run flawlessly over 9,500 miles. Acceleration is a hoot, especially with the manual transmission. Turbo lag is very minimal, and only off the line. At other speeds, the engine just keeps pulling. This is the joy of driving a excellently engineered vehicle. Whether blasting away from stop signs, on freeway ramps or ducking around traffic, the accleration this car provides brings lots of grins. Cold weather has not been a problem, although even with the quattro, I put on performance snow tires, which affect the handling in the dry a bit. Otherwise, handling is very sharp, especially for a larger car, so long as you keep your boot on the accelerator to keep the quattro and other systems active and assisting. Handles almost as well as the BMW 530i I tested, and that is a compliment. Brakes are great, but again, not up to BMW standards. Performance-wise, I am very satisfied.    Reliability has thus far been perfect, except the Bose stereo display developed a small outtage, so I had it replaced--no hassles, and done at the normal service interval. I haven't backed it over anything, so no comment on how its bumpers are--although it certainly has adequate ground clearance for inclined driveways and the like.    All of my passengers have been very comfortable, and the interior is better thought out and more intuitively useful than any other vehicle that I know. Only the Jag S-Type is more luxurious in its class. I also get various unsolicited comments on its looks, as well.  Cost was a major factor. While its sticker price is ballpark for similar cars in the class, Audi's discounts and low financing made this far less expensive than the competitors on the performance end (except for the Acura). I paid nothing down, no deposit, bought lots of extra miles up front and my payment is still less than $700/mo. with taxes. Nobody could touch that in this class, with this performance.    My family loves this car, and I love it. Audi has a high content, barn burner here. I highly recommend it.
I am extremely satisfied with this automobile & this is coming from a tough critic.  Overall if you like to drive cars, I believe this is the best all around wagon/Small SUV in the market.  I was very worried about the power this car offered based on some of the reading I did prior to my purchase. The worrying was for naught. This car gets up to speed quickly with no hesitation. It is not a vette, but acceleration is better than most cars.
I purchased the 3.0 CVT for its smoothness. The new CVT transmission is incredible - you floor the accelerator and the revs quickly jump to 6k rpm and stay there until you reach the speed you want with no perceptible gear changes. The result is a very smooth driving car, well sprung for comfortable high speed highway cruising. The 3 litre V6 has plenty of power (0-60 in 7.1 sec.) I am really enjoying all of the creature comforts, the cabin is a welcome place to spend time.
Have an A6 3.0 liter and am 'very dissatisfied' with the response. You have to push on the gas pedal almost half way down before it responds, then it jumps. Everybody that has test drove this car asks what it wrong with acceleration, etc etc. The only people that says it is normal is AUDI, go figure. The salesman took the car home to see if he could see anything wrong and let his wife drive it and even she said it hesistates and is sluggish. Audi says that there is no linkage, but use a drive wire, blah blah, blah. They say they want me happy, but I've had it in 'four' times in 3 weeks and nothing but excuses. Until Audi can make the A6 respond to how you push on the excelerator then they shouldn't sell this car. It's emabarrasing to let anyone drive it, because there is always a comment...Wondering if anyone else has noticed this...'They' say I'm the only one who has ever complained about the unresponsive acceleration and sluggishness.
I have just got the 2002 4.2 and all i can say is that the ride is SICK!!! CRAZY handling provided by the sport package is an excellend choice for anyone who is gettting the 4.2 I have read most reviews here and i see that most people dont get the sport package. I think that if you are getting a 4.2, GET the sport package. You will never regret it. I think the most POSitive thing about this package is that the seat curve around your body to hold your body tighter. This is great on tight turns. Also, i think that the 255/40 Continental Ultra Sport tires add icing to the cake because whats a sport car without sport tires? In other words, if you are getting a 4.2, $1,750 should not make or break your choice in getting the sport package because a car of this class already assumes that you make a significant sum of money.
All in all a very stylish and great car. Requires good care and treatment and not just start and drive, stop and forget one ofcourse. Not much of a mileage churner, but considering the roads and traffic in Pittsburgh, I wouldnt be surprised. What most importantly appealed to me is the amazing smoothness in driving this car, which I never felt for driving any other car. Believe me when I say that I will think 10 times before I switch over to another brand. I dont want to give you an extra ordinary technical spec of it which many wont even understand. If you are looking for absolute power, well this is not it, but for good power, speed, amazing winter condition driving then this is it. The inbuilt Bose system is just beyond words one of the best for your ears. The car is very spacious and a pleasure to take for a long trip.  Coming to the snags, well, the electrical systems are not much of a trust gaining aspects. My car had trouble with the auto seats, the door and headlight indicators, but only once. Since it was under factory warranty, got it replaced without much of a problem. Proper care and driving will ensure a good mileage too. What I initially gathered to be just 16 miles a gallon now gives me a nice 18 to 19 in city limits, which considering the engine and power, its just cool.  Great road grip, might control, good power, nice big sunroof, heated seats and a good air conditioning system and beautiful styling makes this car a owners pride! Enjoy the drive if you decide to buy this.
I have always been a fan of this car. It is beautiful looking, it has, by far, the nicest interior of any car at any price, and it is a solid vehicle. I have to say, however that after purchasing this car that I have wanted to buy for at least the last 24 mos of my last car lease, I am underwhelmed. Yes, my car is great looking, handles very well but I have some gripes. First, the car is much more softly sprung then I thought, it bounces up and down over dips like an american car. Second, the transmission on this car is a pc. of s--t, and Third the car makes a lot of noise for such a 'fine' car. The Transmission is a five speed which I would imagine would have a tall 5th gear for highway driving but I keep thinking at around 70, the car should shift to the next gear. At 75, the RPM is almost 3,000. Similarly, my Acura MDX also, 5 speed auto and 6 cylinder cruises silently at 2,000 at same speed. Also, the transmission hunts around for gears endlessly in city driving. If I am not bearing down on the accelerator, the car runs to 5th gear before I get to 40 mph. Then the slightest press on the pedal, the car jumps down a gear then right back up seemingly premature. To say the least, it is very aggrivating and for a new car, dissappointing. It has been getting cold in the mornings and the car will get stuck in first gear until around 3500 RPM even if I am going very slow and light on the pedal, then all the sudden will lurch into second gear very abrubtly. The engine sound reminds me of a Pontiac Grand Am trying to sound rough, not a refined sound of a car of this caliber. The previous engine 2.8, although not as powerful, was much smoother and more refined.
This is a great car the V-8 engine is smooth and quick, it drives like a dream!
I waited on the sideines for years, waiting for Audi to put the right engine/car combination together.  During this time, I played with my miata and suffered through a SUV (wife wanted it badly).  I initially intended on purchasing a S4, because of its performance and sportiness.  In the end, however, I bought the A6 4.2 for its beauty, safety (optional rear side air bags and std side curtains), spot on combination of comfort and handling, and magnificant V8 and transmission.  It is a joy to drive with power on demand and enough handling to shoot through high speed sweepers, putting a smile on your face.  The ride is a wonderful compromise between handling and comfort.  I have been very impressed at how the suspension dampens road irregularities while providing a very high grip on high speed sweepers.      Audi interiors have always been a lesson in functionality, qualtiy, beauty, and engineering.  The 4.2's interior makes BMW and MB look cheap in comparison.  The leather used on the seats looks much more expensive than that used by BMW, which seams to show wear very quickly.  MB leather does look like leather.    The dealership has treated us very well, giving us a great price for the car and treating us to approx $200 worth of accessories.  I have yet to use the service department.  The 4.2 seems to have an exellent reputation for reliability so I am not concerned about being stranded or annoyed by recalls (BMW fires?).    In summary, this is a beautiful car inside and out that is a wonderful example of German engineering.  The car wraps you in luxury while providing you with outstanding power and handling.
I've had this car for a little over a year and have enjoyed all aspects of the A6.  The Quattro is fantastic in the snow and rain.  It's much better than my Jeep Grand Cherokee was.
I have owned this car for a little over a year and still amazed at the quality.  It is a pleasure to drive and I have had no problems of any kind.
This is the worst car I have owned in 30 years.  It has been in for the same repair for 22 days in one year.  The engine floods and fails to start. The dealer has tried to fix the car on 6 times, but claims that this is how new complex cars operate.
A spectacular car.  Without question, the finest vehicle I have ever owned.  Superb fit and finish inside and out.  Smooth impressive power from the 300 horsepower V8.  Precise and responsive handling courtesy of quattro® all-wheel drive system and a terrific suspension. Styling (admittedly subjective) that I love, and others frequently compliment.  And the car's overall 'feel' is very tight yet comfortable.
A perfect combo of luxury and sport - pure pleasure to drive - clean instrumentation and a perfectly appointed interior - get the sports pkg and the 2.7T if you really want to experience the pure road mastery of this refined technology - the 2.8/3.0 lacks the go need to really appreciate the car - why drive a me-too BMW when you can own an Audi!
Living near Seattle WA I went looking for a new luxury car that would stand out a bit from all the BMW and Lexus cars that flood the streets.  And at first the Audi A6 seemed to fit that bill perfectly.  But now that I have owned the car for a bit over 8 months, im having second thoughts.  Poor reliabity and dozens of electrical problems have kept my silver A6 at the dealership for way too long.  And im now learning that the resale value of the Audi A6 is awefull.  A lexus GS430 would have been a better choice for me - there are tons of them out there, but I guess its for a good reason.  Audi have lots to learn from their Japanese competitors.
I agree totally with the previous writer who describes different personalities with different A6 configurations.  I owned a 01 S4 prior to this--was wrecked in an accident.  I purchased the A6 as a replacement for more room.My A6 has the APR Stage I dealer installed chip--307hp and 366 ft lb torque--absolutely dizzying speed.  The car came with the new sport package consisting of 17 inch rims, sport seats, stiffer suspension, 225/40 ZR 17 tires.With the above package, the vehicle is comprable to the S4 in every category except steering.  The A6 steering is a bit overboosted.  In every other category the A6 is superior to the S4--more luxurious, more room, more features, better ride.
My overall experince with this car as been good. Though I have had some problems that all still trying to be worked out. I car handles very nicely which I like. Some problems I have noticed are that you can't really see behind you when backing up, its fairly tuff to do so. The front passanger side is fairly small for tall people. The left leg is constantly hitting against the side.
A combination of luxury, power & handling. WOW!!! I never thought I would find a car that was both comfortable & sporty at the same time. All the power in the world with an incredibly quiet cabin. Amenities enough for anyone plus a really superb interior( after all, that's where one is mostly looking at it, from the inside ). I do, however, recommend upgrading the stock Conti's with some Michelin MXV4+ rubber. Same size, but much better performance. When those wear down, I'll probably go with 225/50's V rated, just to upgrade handling a schooch. All in all an INCERDIBLE value in this price range.
Be very careful about the A6. All models are of the highest quality and I personally think they are great looking cars inside and out but.. ALL A6 MODELS HAVE VERY DIFFERENT PERSONALITIES! I have owned the 2.8 Quattro for 30 months. GREAT car- 100% trouble free for 50,000 miles (which is the warranty) but was SLOW. The guy who said hauling kids and stuff is right. from 0-40 it is a dog in my opinion. NOT worht the 35K they are asking for them. When 4 cylinder Camrys are just as fast, Audi has a problem. From 40-80, in typical German fashion, the 2.8 is very fast- but we do not drive the autobahn here. I looked at other brands for my new car- BMW nice but 3 series too cramped and 5 series too expensive (540i very nice but 55K is pricey) also I do not like the center consoles of the 3 and 5 series- much too wide and cuts into the knee room. SAAB-NO, Lexus GS300/400 looking a little old, need refreshing soon.GS400 is also 50K+. Volvo-nope nice cars but their style is not mine. For that much money I am driving Japanese or German. Did not even consider E series Merc-too expensive for the fast models and I dont like the fidgety interiors. So back to Audi. Took a test drive of the 2.7T SPORT model (emphasis on the SPORTS package) and I found the car that I thought the 2.8 was going to be. VERY fast for a 3800 lb. car, not as much body roll as the 2.8 in cornering, SPORTS seats ARE FANTASTIC and the car looks completely different with 17' wheels and lowered suspension. ALso cant beat one CD in front and 6 in the trunk. Bose sound system is good, but Bose is over rated as an audio manufacturer (that subject for another day). This car is NIGHT AND DAY DIFFERENT than the 2.8. Almost bought the 4.2 model, with it's wider fender flares and 'stubbier' more compact nose, it looks even better than the 2.7T sport. I think that some will pay the $5-7k more just for the looks- I could not afford that.The 4.2 8 cylinder is VERY powerful but is sedate. The 2.7 is a touqe monster (well at least for a luxury car such as this it is). Also one more thing for you who are afraid of the shorter service intervals on Turbos- (car makes never tell us that turbos have shorter service intervals , be careful with ANY turbo powered car you buy) service intervals for ALL Audi engines is 5K,10K,20K,30K and every 10K miles after that! Beautiful. Life is too short to drive inferior cars- the Audi A6 2.7T Sport is almost perfect.
Great lease deals on the A6 during June, with 2.5% financing it is hard to go wrong. I took the 2.8 Quattro for a test drive and found that it had plenty of power for me(acceptable oomph for merging onto highway and plenty of passing power). IMO the extra 6k for the 2.7T is not worth it, but then again I am not hauling around 3 kids and a trunk full of stuff either or flooring it off the traffic lights!!!. What really sold me on this car was the luxury interior. One of the best of any price car on the market today. I opted for the celebration package,(sunroof and leather seats), cold weather package and the Bose stero. The quattro is a no-brainer for driving in the North-East.
After having driven over 10k miles mixed evenly among city, highway, and twisty mountain roads, I thoroughy love this car.  The dealer is very helpful with free maintenance (although 30 days from my call was the soonest I could get the maintenance visit), answering questions (yes, there is only supposed to be ONE rear fog lamp!), and expediting maintenance as I waited.  I had a memorable experience driving over a twisting mountain road I take frequently.  On that day it was raining really heavily, with frequent and deep streams crossing the road with poor visibility because of spray and darkness.  The A6-2.7T cornered like the road was dry.  And it was NOT due to the magic ESP (when it comes into effect there is a warning light) -- it simply had fabulous grip.  On dry roads, the tires show that they are the weak link.  But you can push them far beyond the squealing onset and still get a good line through the turn.     I am 6'6' and one of my priorities is headroom.  Even though it has a sunroof, there is plenty of headroom in front, less in back.  I can easily drive it without even putting the seat all the way rearward.  I love the programmable remotes which move the seating position for a second driver.  Trunk space is very good.  With a third of the rear seat down, I can put my mountain bike (disassembled) in the trunk!
While this is by no mean an inexpensive car, it (relatively speaking) is a good value.  It's fun to drive, has all wheel drive, has safety features galore, has nice styling (to me) and has a great interior (second only to the Jaguars).  I wasn't as impressed with the Xenon lights as I thought I would be, but the package, which includes auto dimming mirrors, is worth it.  A few minor annoyances are the intrusive center console that will limit your right leg (didn't really notice it until after purchase, but pretty easy to ignore).  Also, the interior has nice brushed aluminum -- why use tacky chrome on the shift plate and door hanles.  Finally, visibility out the back is poor, given the high trunk deck and the pillors behing the rear windows.I didn't consider BMW 5 series, Mercades, or any Lexus since they are rear wheel drive only.  I would have liked to consider the new Jaguar Type X, which may be a better value, but it wasn't out yet and I really needed a car (and I don't like being the Guiny pig for new models).  The Volvo S80 seemed to have too many reliability problems to consider
I will make this short.Overall, the A6 4.2, for me, is the best combination of power, excellent handling, all-season and all weather abilities, luxury, comfort for 4 people, fine materials with the highest build quality, and relative uniqueness that is available today.  There are other cars that can beat the Audi in one or two of the above categories, but when the total package is looked at based on my priorities, the Audi won by a wide margin.  After 3 months with the car, I am only more confident of my choice.  Others with different priorities might choose any of the other cars as they are all excellent in many ways.Specifically, main reasons against the other cars were:  BMW: appearance outside is too plain and boring, somewhat unpleasant and the interior is again less pleasing to the eye and the back seat is too small.  Additionally, handling in bad weather is more of a challenge than it should be.  Most of all, these 5-series cars are way too common.  Less important but significant is they have a social stigma to them which some like some don't, I don't.  Also, price/value is less.MB:  Dated, underwhelming exterior, overdue for update/revision.  Interior is a quite stodgy and abrupt.  Materials not as nice as Audi.  Also very, very common, tend to be the car of blue-hairs, and is overpriced, significantly.Jaguar:  great new car, styling, however, too feminine, great for 50 year old women, interior as stated above, handling and ride much less impressive than any of the others.  Back seat is much too small, cargo capacity also too little.  Social stigma is not bad, but not right for me, either.  A bit overpriced for the size of this car.  Additionally, and significantly, the transmission is made by Ford as well as other parts.  I don't want a $55k Ford.This Audi A6 4.2 makes me smile everyday I see it, get in it, think about it, or talk about it.  It is the finest blend of many attributes of any car built today.  No car is perfect, but this one rubs up against perfect all the time.
A car for $ 37700 in NY for a quatrro drive is very tempting. It is very classy, built well. Could learn to handle better, after all Germans make Porsche, MBs and BMW. These other cars seem to want to be driven and this car wants to be 'riden'. Rides better than the others though... interior very beautiful. Solid build (except for squeek in vent area-I tried to fix ng). Great creature features. Wish paint was as good a Mercedes Benz. They have the finest paint in the business!I seen the new 2003 A6 and it looks even better than the A6 4.2!It is a x between a TT four door and a Lexus GS400 fat body. Nice even nicer x 4.End comment: Nothing is perfect, and this car is as close to that concept for the money than anyother car out there...so buy it cause you love it or spend alot more and get something that has other things imperfectly perfect also. Confused? Me too. But I own a car wash and see and drive them all. No car is perfect. But I bought this..and love it. Would buy another....
I test drove both the Audi A6 2.7T with automatic and manual transmission and the BMW 525, and 530 with and without stick and sport transmission.  I ordered a 530 with stick and sport package.The Audi is a great luxury car that performs well and the BMW is a great performance car that is luxurious.  The BMW says drive me and the Audi says ride me.  Personal preference, I opted for the 530 with sport package and manual transmission.However, if you are considering a non sport 530 with an automatic, take a hard look at the 2.7T.  Since only 2 in 15 530s come with a manual and even fewer with the sport suspension, that means most BMW buyers would be better served by the 2.7T. (IMO)Note, the 2.7T 6 speed is a pain, and requires constant shifting.  Get the automatic for the Audi.  If you want the sport suspension, get a BMW.  If you get an E-class Benz, you wasted your money.
Only had it three weeks but no regrets.  Never enjoyed driving any car so much (I've owned Mercedes and Alfa Romeos) Strongly recommended if you want comfort, capacity, and performance more than Bimmer badge recognition (but thats gonna change)! 
I foresee big trouble ahead.  Despite its age, its mileage is only 21K and it has had immaculate care from the dealer. Yet, it was delivered with defective tires and neither Audi nor their supplier Dunlop has taken responsibility. Dunlop looked for every evasion possible to avoid making good on their warranty. Audi simply refused to help once the problem was identified, which is astonishing considering the cost of the car. The many service visits under the Audi warranty did cost them more than the price of those tires, but 4 attempts to correct a front end rumbling only made matters different and not better. Replacing tires at my own cost fixed that problem for a while, but now I again can hear an alarming level of low frequency rumbling and grinding from the front end. Audi technicians say the car is noisy like that under the best conditions, but I don't trust what they're saying. I wonder if it isn't more likely that something major is about to give way in the drive train.    Then there's the matter of the ball joints. As a fan of Car Talk on the radio I learned (too late) that an Audi is little more than a fancied up VW, and the front end is designed just like a VW. In particular, where any normal car company puts two ball joints up there, Audi uses 8 and what's worse, they are unreliable. When 8 ball joints have to be replaced at once, I shudder to imagine what that will cost.    So, I've now owned three of the German high sex, hot handling, unreliable trash marques: Porsche, BMW, and Audi. Yet like most car lovers, I'm fascinated with the style and personality of German cars and I am tempted to trade the Audi for a Mercedes.    If good sense takes hold of me, I'll trade it for a Lexus. Some of them have good handling, power, and luxury to match any German car, perhaps excepting a Porsche 911, and I won't be spending weeks of my life in a repair shop.
I must admit, after reading several negative A6 reviews on this site, even I would be put off from buying my car. That being said, for whatever reason, at 39,000 miles I have had absolutely no problems and the dealer (Carousel Audi) has been exceptional. I have only taken the vehicle in for its free service (20K, 30K, 40K) and they have been helpful and attentive in all aspects. Why did I buy it? 1) The AWD quattro System (great in Minnesota) 2) A 12 YEAR CORROSION WARRANTY 3) The gas mileage, which at 22 mpg is much better than I would get with a similar sized SUV.
Excellent handling and power, no major mechanical problems but minor things like ashtray getting stuck or seatbelt for rear passenger getting jammed are annoying.
The quality of a Hyundai for the price of an Audi. I have learned to like the Ford Focus often provided as a loaner during my frequent service visits in the first 18K miles of ownership. Beginning to forget why I like this car. Guess I just need to lower my standards. What is the Audi ad slogan? 'Never settle.' ?
If you are a serious driving enthusiast or just serious about safety, quality and value, then look no further than the Audi A6 2.7 T Quattro with Sports Package.    The A6 2.7t offers an ideal blend of performance, sex appeal, luxury and name exclusivity. I have 37,000 miles on my A6 and have experienced no major propblems requiring lengthly repairs. The brake rotors are a bit problematic, but the repair efforts solved the problem.    Up in the snow, the A6 quattro offers you and your family all the cold weather handeling capability you could ever reasonably expect or need. Plus, say goodby to roof-top ski racks. Simply fold the ski port down from the back seat and your skis fit neatly within the trunk.     I spent another $1,000 on the GIAC engine and transmission performance 'Chip' and have about 310 horsepower and 358 pound feet of torque at my disposal.      Because of the power and supurb handeling and performance of this vehicle, I think I've discovered one of the best kept secrets in the automotive industry.    The 2.7t is possibly as close as you or I will ever find in an all-around performance luxury sports sedan.
This has been a wonderful car. This car has awesome power and great handling. i have a set of 18' Mak wheels on it and michellin pilot sports tires on it. Im sure the reason why most high performance tires wear so quickly on this car is because they are not ment to be long lasting tires!! so theres your problem people who dislike their tire wear! And when your bose audio system breaks, dont turn it up so loud(there are no subs in any of the A6's and if you turn it up to loud then you'll find the speakers rattling because of blowin the speakers). on an enthusiastic note i'll leave it there saying this is just a drop dead car.
The first few months were great with the car. The 'check engine' and misfires began. After 3 years and multiple engine control modules, fuel injectors, coils, spark plugs, etc., the auto still acts up on a regular basis. Fortunately,(for me) the lease is up in 12 months and Audi will sell this car to some poor, unsuspecting customer that believes that they build and stand behind a good product.
This is my second A6 4.2 and I am about to buy my third... It is absolutely the finest automobile that I have ever owned. The 300hp 4.2 V8 makes the A6 QUICK, and the Quattro AWD makes is SAFE & AGILE under most any type of road condition.
This is by far the worst choice we have EVER made when it comes to an automobile. Our Audi is in the shop monthly. We are tied into a lease or we would have gotten rid of it quickly
I purchased my A6 2.7T in 2000 and currently have about 38K miles on it. The performance of the car has been excellent and the ride has been smooth and sometimes quiet. My only gripes with the car are the interior and othe minor details. Some of the interior components are cheap and flimsy and not worthy of a car at this price. I like manual transmissions and Audi is one of the few car companies left that offer one in a luxury car. Shifting from first to second when racing is a little cluncky but otherwise the transmission is fine.
The car is a blast to drive and the feel is far superior than any Japanese car I have driven. When it is running good it is very fast and handles great for a sedan. Will I buy another? No way! Problems, problems, problems. As soon as the warranty expired at 50,000 the head gaskets had to be replaced due to leaks. the turbos have been repaired twice prior to this. The check engine light comes on frequently and I just had to have the tie rods redone. I have left the service department on several occassions only to have to return the next day. A car that cost over $40,000 should not have these problems. I will go with BMW or someone other make with a proven track record. GOOD BYE AUDI!
Can you say LEMON!!! When I first purchased the vehicle I loved it. The comfort, handling, style, etc. However, that soon changed. In the course of owning the vehicle for 2 years I had to replace the breaks, rotos, calipers, fuel gauge, speedomoter, tachometer, and cam seals just to name a few. In addition I have had a continuous transmission 'thump' when decelerating or downshifting from 2nd to 1st gear which has gone unrecognized by the dealer and Audi America.  The sad part is that I am not alone. Many others have reported this mechanical issue and neither the dealerships or Audi American is willing/able to recognize the mechanical deficit. BUYER BEWARE is all I can say. If you do buy, sell it before the warranty is up!! The first 3 years/50,000 are great as long as you don't mind driving a loaner car for 1/2 the time.
This is my fifth Audi, and by far the best. I leased for 3 years, and plan to buy the car at the end of the lease, and drive for another 3+ years.
I am going to rate in this car in four categories...   Performance - A, this car has great performance I have tiptronic auto and if you just touch the accelerator it jerks forward w/ power (0-60 6.6). Handling is excellent it can take sharp turns at high speeds with alot of control. It doesn't give you that loose/out of control feeling like some cars. AWD quattro has outstanding performance in poor conditions. All around great performance.     Looks - A, exterior design is of opinion, but it seems like most people think it looks great. I like the sporty wheels and like the conservative look. The interior is gorgeous w/ many details like wood and metal. Best I have ever seen in any car so far. Very high grade materials.    Features - A, all of what other cars have but more. It has CD, cassete, dual climate control, leather, great BOSE audio system, dual power seats etc. Plus AWD Quattro and many electrically controlled things like automatic adjusting mirrors when you start the car etc. So many electrical gadgets. Very high grade.     Ride - A, sporty yet comfortable and smooth at the same time. Not a rough ride like a sporty coupe (Mustang) or too smooth and boring (Lincoln Town Car). It is just right, sporty and comfortable at the same time.   Reliability - C, haven't had car long enough to experience any problems except one of signal lights has burned out. I am giving it a C b/c the reliability ratings from JD Power and other people is only average. It isn't as reliable as a Honda or similar make etc. The car I bought though has 68,000 miles and it looks new and feels very solid. It runs just as well as it looks. I think this car is a great value used. Still a great value new too.
This is the worse car I have ever owned. The engine works fine, but the electrical system and computer system always fails and is costing me a fortune to fix. I bought this car based on 2 recommendations. One person sold it for a used Honda, the other is now proceeding with the NYS Lemon Law. The car is very nice looking (I think it's much nicer than BMW or Mercedes), but it is terrible. Like the last post, I know the service people at Audi as well...they see me every month.,,until I dump this thing.
If you decide to get an Audi A6 4.2, look forward to all the new friends you'll meet at Audi service. Under warrentee, the check engine light was frequent but not serious. Now that the warantee has expired, the repair bills have gone through the roof with the latest, an estimated $3,000 worth of repairs including a PVC valve which was replaced just 9 months ago. This car drives great, but is horribly unreliable. If you're still thinking about getting one, why not get a used Ferarri instead? Its sexier, faster, cheaper to repair... Either way, you'll still need a second, reliable car. GOODBYE AUDI!
I have been through a lot of changes over the years with Audi, one of the finest Auto makers in the world! I have owned everything from the 1983 5000s to the 1986 4000cs quattro, 1998 A4 1.8T, 1999 A4 2.8 quattro and now the smooth 2000 A6 2.8 quattro. MY father drives a 1999 A8 quattro,ausome vehicle. My brother drives a 1999 A 4 2.8 quattro and I also owne a 1996 A6 quattro. Do you see a trend here!!There is a marked difference between Cars and Automobiles. The Germans know the difference! Unlike the earlier writter I know very little about the BIG 3 cars. I have grown up with the German products, Audi,BMW and Mercedees. The Quattro system keeps me coming back to Audi. This amazing system has saved me and my family time after time. In my opinion staying out of an accident is as important as surviving an accident. This vehicle can do both! You can not discribe this quattro system to people who have not experienced it. I drive 30 to 40 thousand miles per year in the mountains of WV,TN,KY,PA and MD. I see all road conditions!Thank You Audi,from my Family to yours.   
We paid $40,000 and worth every penny.  Audi gives you alot for your money.  I highly recommend all Audi's to my friends...to my enemies, I recommend Ford and then any other American vehicle.  Our 2nd vehicle will be the Audi All-Road Quattro with the air suspension.  Sort of goofy looking but an awesome vehicle.I know some might not appreciate my American car comment but please allow me to explain.  I grew up outside of Detroit and knew many, many people involved in the auto industry; from engineers to designers to online workers.  My dad even worked for GM as a designer.  You couldn't give me an American car.  There are so many corners cut in quality and safety that you would be ashamed to have any affiliation with the big 3.  Germans know that when they put something on the market it will reflect their work, their company and their country...all they take great and equal pride in.  Just look at VW, BMW, Audi, Mercedes, and Porsche.
$14k difference with '98 A6 trade.  About 7% off list if you ignore the trade.  A bargain compared to 5-series with quattro tossed in for free.
I would highly recommend this car because of its' overall design, build quality, and dealer sales/services staff.  Everyone who rides in the car is very impressed with it.
After driving several different cars in this price range, this car has a big advantage with quattro plus power and ride.  Drive often 1150 miles to Florida non stop except for gas and dinner with total comfort.  Drive about 80 mph in silent control.  Great Bose stereo. Xenon lights fantastic.  Plenty of power to merge and pass.  Get 22.5 mpg which I consider decent for performance. Interior has a sporty feel compared to Mercedes and even BMW.  Wonder about resale though.  Dealer has been great but then again only had routine maintenance as nothing is wrong with this car.  Not like my past Jaguar which saw dealer often. 
I have the 2.7T.  The car itself is nice.  Not really a good value, though. I have had some very real problems that should not have occured, especially if Audi and the dealer were really up to the Audi reputation.  
My 2000 Audi A6 2.7T is a car that I ended up getting after I got tired of waiting for an S4.  Well, I'm glad that I did, because I think that I should have been wanting to get the A6 in the first place!This car is much bigger and more luxury-oriented than either the S4 or my old BMW 328i.  I thought that the old Bimmer was a great car, with truly great handling and very good performance.  Only drawbacks were the fact that it was rather cramped in the back seat, and the interior was somewhat primitive and basic for its $37 price tag.The A6 2.7T is a fast cruiser type when it comes to performance.  Doesn't feel as sporty or as responsive as the Bimmer, which was actually better than the Porsche.  The A6 is the kind of car that has you looking down and shocked that you're going 80 mph.  It does a great job of insulating the driver from the actual high speeds he is achieving.  This is both a good and a bad thing.  Good from a luxury standpoint, bad from a traffic citation one.  It's engine responsiveness isn't quite as good as a normally aspirated engine, especially when you consider the large weight that it has to carry around, but when the turbos soon spool up, this car is deceptively fast.  Fast, but not quite as quick as the old Bimmer.Handling could also be better served than the current 215 55VR16s.  Not enough tire for a car of this size and weight.  I can get them to squeal long before actual control is lost.  Maybe due to the quattro?  Great handling car considering its size otherwise.  Steering is a bit light, not as communicative as the Bimmer, which had the best, most communicative steering in the WORLD.The previous poster complaining about the six speed manual transmission may have a minor point, but is exaggerating about the drawbacks of having relatively short gear ratios.  I think that the ratios of the six speed are well chosen to exploit the torque and power curves of the engine.  May make for a bit more 1-2 shifting than your average motorist may like, but it allows me to really enjoy driving this car.  Overall, I can't imagine anyone choosing the automatic over the manual if they like driving fast.Interior is luxurious and spacious.  This alone almost totally justifies getting the 2.7t over an S4.  Five people fit fairly easily, with plenty of headroom.  Once again, this is a large car, I think at least a foot longer than a BMW five series (!).  But the exterior design is so good that it hides this fact quite nicely.  I think that this is a great looking car that is finally served by a higher performance engine!Overall, this car is a great fit for me, and anyone desiring speed, comfort, refinement, and value in a luxury sports sedan.  Considering what BMW wants for the 540im, this car is a bargain.  After all, how many companies are offering four door sedans with manual transmissions anymore?
I've really been happy with this car.  It is very quiet and comfortable, and also handles well.  The styling is terrific.  The interior stacks up well against much more expensive cars.  It is loaded with standard features.  I got the 'base' model and it has everything I could want.  Being tall I got a model without a sunroof.  Even though the dealer said it makes no difference, there was significantly less headroom in the car I test drove that had a sunroof.  I also got cloth seat because I don't like hot leather seats in the summertime.  The cloth is very good looking - a luxurious cloth that is made to wear well.  I love all the wood interior touches and the many safety features.  I also like that the stereo comes on at the same level no matter how loud it was when you turned it off, that the stereo and power windows can be operated without the key, and the one-touch up as well as down on all four windows.  I think you really get a lot of car for the money.
I bought a used Audi A6 2003 from a dealer in New Jersey for $21,500. It was a pretty good bargain, especially since the car had less than 50K miles on it. The car was 'pre-certified' so I assumed that everything was checked/inspected and in like-new condition. I drove it back home and the car handled very nicely. The car could accelerate quickly thanks to the turbos. The inside is also very spacious and refined.  After 2000 miles (4 months of VERY light driving), however, the engine started making a strange whining noise. Soon, a lot of smoke started coming out from the tailpipes. I brought it to the dealer and they told me that the turbochargers needed to be replaced. Thank god the car was covered by a 2 year 50,000 mile warranty. I believe a single turbocharger costs about $1000. I had to get both of them replaced and The car was in the shop for a week. I had a spare vehicle so I was not inconvenienced much, but be warned that most repairs to Audis will generally last several days.  On the plus side, the repair seems to have fixed the problem. The car now performs like how I first bought it. The mechanics that repaired the car were also quite pleasant to deal with and test-drove the car for a day to make sure the problem was fixed.  Still, I just hope that nothing else becomes an issue with the car in the future. I am experiencing some of the electrical problems that other people have described. My seat memory stopped working a while ago and I will get it repaired soon, under warranty of course.  So, if you plan to buy an Audi, I would definitely recommend getting an extended warranty if it is an option. I like my Audi but if the car acts up again, I will not consider buying another Audi for my next car. On the other hand, my Lexus RX300 has been quite reliable and only needs to be serviced every 30K miles or so (repairs/service is generally around $2000). It has 140K miles on it and still drives great. Like several of the other reviewers here, I would recommend getting a Lexus if you are looking for a luxury car.
It is interesting to read that some of your reviews have had bad experiences with their A6's. I'm sorry to hear that. All I can say is that out of all the cars I have owned (and they are numerous, believe me), none come close to the Audi RS6. The build quality is superb and way above that of Porsche / BMW. The 'understated-ness' of it is almost as satisfying as leaving 911's for dust up the M4 highway in England at 145mph plus ! The practicality of the Audi is also second to none.    The only issue I have with the RS6 is the price. I am a UK reader, so you guys on the other side of the pond can see how much motoring costs us (USD 104,000). In addition, gas is around USD 5.40 a gallon....'ouch' I hear you say. Anyway, you only live once, so get out there and enjoy it as much as you can!
all you BMW fans need to go away. Audi has the best cars and BMW doen NOT even come CLOSE to Audi. The A6s are about 10k cheaper, quicker, better handling, better styling, etc.
My experience with luxury cars includes Jaguar and Infiniti. In comparison, several characteristics jump out at you after driving the Audi A6 2.7T. Steering is like on rails, yet very responsive to avoid pot holes. The all wheel drive is stunning, particularly under poor road conditions. The turbo engine blows most v8's away. I would rate design, fit and finish as good and sensible.  This car has a combination of features that should keep the owner smiling for many years. Infiniti probably has a better engine and the Jaguar ride is great, but the Audi A6 has tons of potential.
The car has spent about 6 weks at the shop. Parts are always on back order.  Frequent malfuntion warnings. A nightmare of initial ownership. Next time...Japanese.
Dollar for dollar, feature for feature this is the best value in it's class.  Design is timeless, drive is comfortable, quick and quiet.  Comfort is unbelieveable - you don't tire of this.  I have to agree with Finman and his review.  BMWs and MBs cannot justify their prices to me when I can get this vehicle for it's price.  Why the motoring press insists on leaving this vehicle out of the mix of luxury brands is a mystery to me.  Mine doesn't have the sport package but I will be looking at the 2002 4.2 to determine if I want to upgrade to the sport package or keep this.
I really liked this car a lot until the day the front bumper ripped right off on a curb in a parking lot. $1,800 repair. Two A4 owners saw it happen, came up to me and told me that the same thing had happened to them; to one of them, it had happened TWICE. The body shop told me that they see this all the time with Audi's, and pointed out how the low bottom plate both grips the curb and tears off the whole bumper when you back up. When this happens to you, I promise that this will end your love affair with this defective product. The fuel gauge recall was nice, too. I ran out of gas at the height of rush hour on I-95, with the gauge reading 1/4 full. Audi managed to find me every month to send me a bill, but surprisingly could not find me when it came time to send out the recall notice.
My as delivered price was $42,383. For that I received the 2.7T 6 spd, the cold weather package (heated seats and ski boot), the convience package (memory drivers seat and moonroof) as well as the Xenon headlights and Bose Symphony Sound system with in trunk CD changer. I have never in my life enjoyed driving any automobile as much as I do my A6. There is more than enough power available for acceleration in any situation, and there is almost no turbo lag, so shifting is not a common occurrence. Smooth, effortless power delivery is what you get, whenever you want it. I have been researching a ECU upgrade that will bring another 50 HP into the mix.. To borrow a famous quote, 'Power corrupts. Absolute Power corrupts, absolutely'The Quattro system makes any type of driving seem completely under control. There is absolutely no wheelspin possible in wet conditions, and the all-wheel-drive allows more neutral handling (disclaimer: DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME, I ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANYONE'S ACTIONS OTHER THAN MY OWN).While pushing the car hard through some twisties, the car will reach it's cornering limits with the sound of howling tires and determined understeer (the car continues straight ahead, despite you turning the wheel) The Quattro system will allow you to correct this by applying full throttle and steering where you want to go. When I do this (remember the disclaimer above) the car 'pulls' it's way back on course, with a minimum of fuss. I would call this car's handling 'benign'Road manners are exquisite. The A6 tracks straight and true, with a minimum of wind noise. Cross winds don't seem to affect it at all. A car like this makes high-speed travel very inviting, and will jeopardize your drivers license in short order. I routinely set the speed alarm to prevent me from venturing into triple digits (when interstate cruising)The braking is superb, with massive dual-piston front calipers to slow you down in a hurry. ABS keeps a tight rein on any lockup. I was very impressed with the handling of my A6, and surprised when I drove it onto the scales used to weigh race cars (at the local dragstrip). The car weighed in at a hefty 4040 lbs. With a 220 lb. driver and a half-tank. This car is truly on the pudgy side. Which makes its performance even more respectable.I highly recommend this car for anyone who likes their luxury sedans with a 'sporty' side. It has better build quality than the Lexus, a bigger interior than the BMW, and a price that undercuts both.
THIS IS A LEASE CAR AND THE STICKER IS $4OK. I BELIEVE THIS IS A RELATIVE BARGAIN FOR WHAT IS OFFERED IN THIS CAR AND COMPARABLE CARS. I WOULD DEFINATELY RECOMMEND THIS CAR TO ANYONE CONCERNED ABOUT SAFETY, PERFORMANCE , GREAT LOOKS AND QUALITY. NO OTHER CAR IN THE WORLD OFFERS EVERYTHING THAT AUDI DOES COUPLED WITH QUATTRO ALL WHEEL DRIVE. I HAVE HAD THE CAR OUT IN THE RAIN AND CAN SAY THAT THERE IS NO REAL DIFFERENCE IN RIDE FEEL. YOU FEEL CONFIDENT AND DRY. THE SALESMAN SAID THIS WOULD BE THE CASE BUT I WAS A LITTLE SKEPTICAL. WELL HE WASN'T LYING. FOR 40 GRAND YOU CAN BUY A CAR THAT HAS TRIPTRONIC TRANSMISSION, SUNROOF, COLD WHEATHER PACKAGE - WITH HEATED FRONT AND REAR SEATS AND HEATED STEERING WHEEL TO BOOT!!!!! BMW AND MERCEDES BETTER TAKE HEED.
I really believe that in the mid 40's this is the car to own. I drove the MBZ's (as we own a 230 SLK Kompressor Sport)and I was really prepared to buy an E-Class car... but the Audi is more emotional and complete. We also carefully looked at the 2001 740il as well as the latest 5-series. The 740il was pure joy... but 26K dollars more!  I continue to like our decision every day. I would absolutely recommend it.
The price is well worth for the A6. My husband and i both drive this car, both short and tall people alike can get a comfortable seating position. This is definitely for people who appreciate luxury and comfort. Those who wish for a very sporty drive the Audi A6 2.7t or the 4.2 will be a better choice. 
It is apparent why Audi is having month after month of record sales.  You get a lot of car for the money.  Audi does not sacrifice safety for performance either.  This is one of the few cars that I have owned that I truly look forward to driving every day even regardless of conditions or commute.  It is a sports car when I want it to be, an SUV when its snowing, a family hauler when I load the kids up and generally a great place to pass the miles.  I still enjoy the looks of the car but the stock Audi wheels are plain ugly.  It is a shame I had to buy aftermarket wheels to truly complete the car.  With 3 engines choices in this model its tough to go wrong.  If you live at high altitudes the 2.7T is THE ENGINE to buy.  It will maintain its rated horsepower much better even when climbing moutain passes.  If you haven't driven Audi lately you should.  I had a friend drop me off when I went to pick my new 2.7T up and he now has an A6 in his garage too...he bought it while I was driving away in mine!  If you want or need a car that can do most anything and take you almost anywhere there are roads of some fashion, then the A6 is the car for you.  It will do it in a stylish, safe, fun and comfortable manner with a low TCO (total cost of ownership).
$37k. This car is simply great, no wonder it has got so many awards including best luxury car by motor week, 10 best for 2000 - Car & Driver, Finalist North American Car of the Yr 1998, Highest Rating in the Consumer Reports Magazine in it's class, just to name a few. We are lucky that Audi has cut it's prices down in the USA, specially when you compare it with the prices of these cars in Europe. I definitely recomend it, but you will not know how good it is unless you test drive it and compare it to other cars in it's class. If you need more power there is a A6 2.7T (0-60 mph in just 6 sec.) and the more powerful A6 4.2.   
Anyone looking to drop about 50k on a luxury passenger car that wants power and control should look at this car. The V8 is so, so smooth. As a fan of Quattro, I could not even consider the BMW. The Mercedes 4Matic is price prohibitive for what you get. I can't imagine how anyone would not find this car to be a pleasant and enjoyable long-term possesion.
The vehicle is a little pricey but anything in this class is either very close in price or a little higher.  If you are considering any car in this class this is a must see/drive.  
Paid 35k a year ago. I want to LOVE this car, but I only like it a lot becasue 200HP simply is not enolugh for the price paid. If it had 225-250, this would be the most perfect luxury car on the road. I know that you can get the Bi-Turbo now and I am sure that it is the car I am looking ofr BUT... it is 40k (that may not be a big deal to some)and it is turbo meaning 5000 mile service intervals instead of 7500 for normally aspirated. I love EVERYTHING about this car but it doe snot have enough low end grunt- the tiptronic helps, but is not the answer. In typical German fashion - it goes from 40-80 MHP VERY FAST. But from 0-40 it is simply not good enough for 35k.One more note- I got mine with the 'warm weather package' That has a solar powered sunroof that powers the AC fan when the car is parked if the ambient temp gets too high- it DOES WORK! And a motorized screen can be raised to cover the back windshield to keep the sun out, very cool (all puns intended)and worth the money. To some the power is not a big thing- if not, buy this car. The style and overall competance of the car is truly stunning.
Bought this when it was a brand new model in high demand with short supply, ordered it and had to wait 4 months.  Consequently paid near sticker($1000 off, $40,000+).This is a great car overall.  With 50 more horses it would be awsome.  It has every comfort/convenience feature you could ever dream up.  It's ride is among the best I have ever experienced, easily as good as any BMW or Mercedes and definitely better than a Volvo.  It handles great and the braking is superb.  The Quattro all-time all wheel drive is excellent (probably the best all wheel system in the world).It's an expensive car at $40,000+ but you will pay more for a BMW (no 4 wheel) and a lot more for a Mercedes wagon with 4 wheel (probably $55,000+).  The Volvo is a little less but doesn't drive nearly as good.  If you need more cargo space then the Volvo may be a better choice, it will hold a lot more stuff.Audi got a bad rap in years past.  Their current line-up of cars are strong competitors for BMW, Mercedes, and Volvo. The build quality appears to be excellent, only time will tell, but after 12,000 miles it's just as tight and quiet as the day we drove it away from the dealer and we have not had any unscheduled maintenance.I gave it only 4 stars on value because at this price I expect a little more power.  Excellent car overall, glad we bought it!
I would recommend this car for someone who values comfort and luxury at an affordable price and to whom pick up is not a significant criteria. Be careful about the front fender.
ESTETICAPotrei dirvi che è stratosfericamente stupefacente, ma cerco di essere obiettivo: tra le station della sua categoria è secondo me quella che ha la linea più indovinata/equilibrata/originale anche perché secondo me la BMW serie 5 è troppo tradizionale e legata ai canoni della casa e la Mercedes E-Klasse lo stesso (e secondo me è già in versione carro funebre...).La mia versione è dotata di assetto sportivo (-30 mm) e cerchi da 16' (cinque fori) con pneumatici Michelin Pilot HX MXM 205/55 ZR16; ne consegue una linea molto più slanciata rispetto alle versioni prive di assetto sport e cerchi a pia fori.Il frontale è piuttosto importante: bella calandra con stemma dei 4 anelli in centro, cofano non molto spiovente, paraurti molto avvolgente ed arrotondato con tre prese d'aria inferiori che inglobano i piccoli fendinebbia ellissoidali (devo dire che la 4.2 da 300 hp è ancora più bella però, per non parlare della S6).Fiancata molto slanciata grazie al giusto rapporto superfici vetrate/lamierati, ma forse è la parte meno originale del progetto, visto che sconta una grossa parentela con la versione precedente.Posteriore 'particolare': il paraurti quasi non si vede, gran portellone sottolineato inferiormente da una sottile fascia d'acciaio; poco sopra la targa inserita in un rettangolo di plastica con sopra i retronebbia (forse non un gran che).INTERNIL'allestimento Ambiente non si differenzia degli altri due disponibili (Advance e Ambition) se non per tipi di tessuti/pelle/radiche/disegni dell' alluminio adottati. La mia ha gli interni in pelle Nappa Blu e gli inserti in alluminio Prisma che ho preferito alla radica perché mi sa di cassa da morto (non me ne vogliano i 'radichisti'). La posizione di guida è veramente comoda, soprattutto rispetto a quella della Saab 900 che avevo prima:regolazioni facili e micrometriche in altezza (che non uso) e lombare in 2 zone (tra le scapole e vicino ai lombi). Il volante sportivo con i comandi riportati del tiptronic è anch'esso di colore blu, si impugna molto bene ed è di diametro leggermente più ridotto rispetto al quattro razze tristissimo di serie (che però può avere i comandi della radio).Strumentazione piuttosto completa con i classici 4 indicatori oltre al display centrale del computer di bordo comandabile dalla leva al volante di dx. (unica cosa inutile il voltmetro); il display riporta anche le informazione della Radio di bordo).Nella console centrale, nella parte superiore trovano posto da sx a dx: pulsante di esclusione dell'ASR, hazard, portalattine (boiata incredibile che piace tanto negli USA e che funziona); subito sotto troviamo lo sportellino rivestito in alluminio che cela la radio Concert (optional, ora sostituito dalla versione Symphony che non so come sia) di fabbricazione Blaupunkt di buona qualità e buona resa sonora ( 200 watt di potenza - 8 altoparlanti + subwoofer nel bagagliaio); ancora più in basso: comandi dell' impianto di climatizzazione veramente ottimo.Sul tunnel c'è la leva del tiptronic, comandi specchietti, freno a mano, portacassette da tre.On the RoadMotore: è l'ormai noto V6 24V di 2496 cm3 - 150 hp di casa Audi, da poco affiancato dalla versione da 180 hp con coppia max di 31.6 kgm da 1500 a 3200 rpm (in realtà si va da 1750 fino a ca. 3000 rpm); molto elastico e incredibilmente poco assetato di gasolio nonostante l'accoppiamento con cambio automatico e mole di quasi 1800 kg. da tirare.Le prestazioni sono molto buone: ho rilevato molto empiricamente i seguenti dati: vel max tachimetrica 218 km/h (ci siamo con i 210 dichiarati) dopo un discreto lancio); 0/100 in 11'2; 0/1000m non lo so; consumo medio di utilizzo (30% città, 40% extraurbano, 30% autostrada) 14 km/l.La macchina è mostruosamente silenziosa: il rumore del diesel si sente solo la mattina per i primi minuti dopo l'avviamento a freddo, poi a caldo lascia spazio ad un piacevole rombo avvertibile solo in accelerazione piena. Grazie all'assetto sportivo la tenuta è molto sicura e le reazioni, quando ci sono, sono prevedibilissime; in più l'ASR fa proprio il suo dovere sul bagnato. Rollio quanto basta, sospensioni non durissime e che trasmettono qualche scossone sui fondi irregolari e dissestati. Anche se la tenuta è da 9 in pagella non sono molto d'accordo con la Casa sulla misura dei pneu.: secondo me ci vorrebbero almeno dei 215/55 16 o anche dei 225.Per quanto riguarda il cambio, passato il trauma dell'automatico che fa inorridire Idani e non, devo dire che è di una comodità spaventosa: in città eviti crampi alla gamba sx nella marcia in colonna (cosa che mi è capitata prima con la 164 Turbo 4 cil. E poi con la Saab 900 turbo) e ti consente riprese fulminee grazie al kick-down; in più c'è il tiptronic: basta spostare la leva nella griglia di dx e il cambio diventa un sequenziale, non molto pronto, ma efficace (se qualcuno ricorda la prova di Auto della Porsche Boxster tiptronic di 3 anni or sono, sappia che i difetti che lamentavano quelli di Auto sono gli stessi che evidenzierei io).Ecco qua.Questo è tutto. E' il mio prima IDA-Test che posto, quindi se qualcuno desidera chiarimenti o integrazioni o mi vuole suggerire correzioni me lo faccia sapere.
Lets first say that I love AUDI's I have an A6 2.8 Quattro and my wife has an A4 2.8.  I paid $34k for my black A6. The only two complaints that I have are these, the power is enough but the tranny needs to be Americanised to give us more tourqe at lower speeds. And the Transmission does shift quirky for the first two gears- too much computerization. Also, I had an A4 from 96-99 and this A6 I have paid about $1200 out of pocket INCLUDING TIRES FOR THE A4 to run both these cars. I simply have not had any service problems that the warranty diod not handle. Put 96k miles on the A4 in 4 years- no problem. But for 10-14k less a Nissan Maxima has more power and is a nice package. I think I should have more power for my 34k (now 37-38k) than a Maxima. No Japanese car can hold a candle to the interior of the A6. simply a great place to be when stuck in a traffic Jam. The 2000 model has a single CD in the dash as well as trunk- nice touch. When this lease is done I will consider the turbo- but the Turbo has 3000 mile service intervals- the 2.8 has 7500. Taking to the dealer every 3k is too soon. I may look elsewhere when I am ready in 2003- not because these are not great cars, but 45k for the turbo may be pushing my budget. Now if they upped the 2.8 to 220 hp and lowered the gearing a bit...
Paid $36,000 for the standard avant.  Did not want the leather interior or sunroof.  Lots of standard equipment.  Would highly recommend this as an alternative to SUVs and mini-vans.  Carries sufficient cargo and passengers.  On our summer trip back up from LA we brought my in-laws and 14 yo brother-in-law to San Jose and managed to fit their luggage and ours in the back cargo area.  The car handled just as well power-wise with 5 people going up Highway 1.  A lot of money but you get great quality and safety. 
I love my A6. It has taking me thru some of the most nastiest weather including blizzards, heavy rain, and fog. The A6 with the quattro is saftey at its best. The A6 interior and exteriier are magnificent. Detailed German engineering is its trademark. The A6 feels very comfortable at all speeds including the freeway here in California. The handling is also responsive especially driving thru the twisty Sierra Nevada passes. Extremely taught and nimble. The tiptronic transmission becomes very handy in going uphill and keeping a good controll of the engine.
Too expensive for what you get.  
We've had a 1999 A6 Quattro for over two years now, and love the car.  We have had no driveability problems whatsoever.  We have had a series of inconvenience service needs - particularly with the gas gauge (both repairs - all under warranty, and recalls) and with the power windows.  We have never run out of gas nor spent a dime on the gas gauge problem, but we've probably been back to the dealer at least six times on the problem.  The car is great to ride in, but the interior seems more designed to European than American tastes, as might be expected.  The cup holders are just plain cheap - reminds of Subarus I've rented.  If Audi has not yet changed to the type of cup holders that the 2001.5 Passat has, they should.  The other interior complaint is probably a personal style preference - while driving in rush hour traffic, I would find a digital clock easier to glance at.  It would also be nice to have an in dash rather than in trunk CD changer.  When we bought the 1999, the 2.8 6 cyl engine was the only engine choice.  Our other car has an 8 cylinder engine, and by comparison the 6 feels a bit underpowered, particularly in quick acceleration.  It's certainly adequate and the highway gas mileage often exceeds the EPA rating, but if you crave powerful engines, be sure to test drive all engine choices on the A6 before buying.
Excellent car, excellent fit and finish and overall quality.  Drives like a dream, no squeeks, rattles or breakdowns with over 28K miles on odometer.  Would recommend it to anybody looking for a nice, safe quality car.
The Audi A6 Avant offers true European style and luxury. Quite an impressive offering for a staion wagon. If you want a true AWD sport wagon with luxury this car is for you. The BMW 528i Wagon, although sportier and more luxurious just doesn't compare in foul weather, plus it feels more cramped.  The E320 4-matic wagon, may be a better match, I don't know, but even the 4-matic is really based on a rear wheel drive platform unlike Audi which is truly all wheel Drive. The Volvo cross country or AWD V70 models just doesn't compare in refinement, and driving experience to the Audi. For the price and considering dealers are willing to bargain, I think the A6 Avant is a good value.
I always wanted to own an Audi and when my Cadillac SLS (great car!) finally started giving me problems at 168,000 miles, I decided to do for it! WHAT A MISTAKE! My car is in for service at least once a month. The cost of maintaining this car is outrageous. Electrical problems are a regular occurrance. In addition to the inconvenient regular visits, the dealer has done a lot of damage to my car and I've had to fight them tooth and nail to get them to make good on the repairs. When I take it in for warranty service, their courtesy vehicles are pickup trucks and Dodge Neons!!!  The A6 has, by far, has the most perfect interior of any car I've ever driven and the body design is absolutely beautiful.   Beyond that... you'd better have a big bank account and a lot of free time on your hands if you're thinking about owning one of these money pits.  I'm headed for the Acura dealer.
I have a 1999 A6. My boss has a 2004 A6 and watches my vehicle like a hawk. The reason: my falls apart. His is falling   apart with the same issues. The net/net is that 'Audi quality' is an oxymoron.  - 4 engine check light failures  - 5 gas tank sensor/gauge failures  - failing front rotors at 30K  - 5 radios   - 4 temperature gauges  - 3 wire harness failures  - 1 ABS control module failures  - 1 engine computer failure  - 6 injectors replaced  - 1 failed thermostat  - 5 factory recalls  - 2 leaking differential seals  - consumes vast quantities of oil  It goes on and on. The 2004 has the same gas/temp/engine light failures as well as wire harness failures and premature brake wearout, eats oil, plus multiple light and window failures. What a joy to own...
The Audi A6 drives like a true luxury car--extremely smooth ride, beautiful handling--it is an effortless drive. The all-wheel drive makes a substantial difference in bad weather. The automatic displays give detailed descriptions of mechanical faults (e.g., it explicitly stated when one of the tail lights was out).    Unfortunately, our experience with the A6 was extremely negative. It requires premium fuel, as do all luxury cars, but our Audi guzzled it. The digital mpg reading shows our average consumption at 16.5 miles/gallon. In city driving, it tends to average 9-10 miles per gallon.    The reliability of our car was the poorest of any we have ever owned. The car was recalled twice, and we had to take it in on at least six separate occasions for repairs (the gas guage had to be replaced three times, the window became stuck down, a tail light failed, and the compressor died). The fuel costs and the waste of time on repairs were not at all worth it for this vehicle.
4th and last Audi I will ever own.  Other Audi's have had reliability problems but none like this car.  If you are smart you will sell it before the warranty expires.  Audi America has not been willing to help in any way and will not even provide me with the name of my zone rep.  For the money I am extremely disappointed in the quality of the car and even more disappointed that the dealership and Audi of America do not seem at all interested in retaining a long time customer and previous Audi advocate.
This car is a has been a pure joy for me. i recently replace (i.e, gave my wife) a Toyota Tercel, and for the price i (i mean 'we') paid ($14k), I have not a single regret. I have a 70-mile, one-way commute to work, and now (after sitting in 2 hours of traffic) I come home feeling better than ever. This vehicle has been truly therapeutic for me (my wife thinks so, too). Now I love my long commute (I drive almost 1000 miles per week). The look of the dark-blue exterior is very distinguished and classy, but not overly 'showy' like a lot of other car in its class. Also, the complimentary beige leather interior with heated seats (winters in NJ are ridiculous sometimes), dual-zone climate control, 12-way adjustable seats w/ power lumbar support are extremely comfy. Cup-holders are everywhere (they cant fit snapple bottles though), and i love the red glowing display. The walnut trim is beautiful, and i love the flip down cover for the radio. The Bose system could be alot better (i cant good a good thump in a song with a heavy bassline). As u can see, I obviously love the car more for the luxury end of the deal as opposed to performance. my favorite feature is the memory seats prgrammed into each of the 2 keys (i'm 5'11' and my wife is 5'2') so it's good to not have to adjust the seating positions all the time. And also, I love the passenger rearview mirror that tilts down so u can see the curb as ur parking (i never knew i needed it before, but now that i have i cant live without it!!). The trunk is big enough to hold a body (i know at the dealership i was so amazed i jumped in it!!!). The lil side storage compartments keep the trunk uncluttered, and the fold-down seat come in really handy. And I LOVE that you can OPEN and CLOSE WINDOWS with the key in the door. As far the ride, SMOOTH... the A6 is like a boat on land. smooths out the rugged potholed filled streets of Camden and Newbrunswick and the Tiptronic semimanual transmission gives a great jump onto the on-ramps of the NJ Turnpike. The engine runs so quiet that when i was at a convience store sittin in the car, the guy parked next to me ask if the car was running cuz i left my lights on (he couldnt even hear it!). and on the highway i do 65mph and it feels like i'm doing 25mph (watch out for speeding tickets, especially takin Rt. 70 to the beach). But what i really like about the car is the QUATTRO all wheel drive. in a torrential down pour i watch other cars doing 45 while i'm still coasting at 75 (watch out for the hydroplaning, especially near the divider). The car is also suprisingly nimble for its size. I dont like to drive fast, but what i love to do is jump in and out of traffic and this car is great for that. I throw the car to manual mode, downshift from 5th to 4th for greater acceleration and the upshift coming back into the lane and I AM GONE... No Problems really so far, the car had 70k miles on when i brought it like 2 months ago and everything is in great condition.    I love this vehicle and i love the understaed styling that the Audi delivers (i'm not really a flashy person but i still wanna ride in style!) and this vehicle gives me a perfect blend of luxury and performance. I was serious considering my next car to be an S55 AMG, but i cant imagine owning a car without all-wheel drive. so now i think the next car is gonna be the flagship, the A8L (but i got at least a few years before that purchase (unless i find a reall good deal)). And even when i get the A8L, i still plan on keepin the A6, it will be hooked up by then (19' rims, better sound system, possibly lcd screens in the head rest, and what ever other amenity i can think of, and the A8L will be my 'serious car.'
I recieved this car as a payment from some graphic arts machinery built for this person, so it was the car or the wait to get paid.  This car is very impressive in terms of equipment for the year of its make. Has a smooth driving and very nice features that really maks you feel in a luxury vehicle. Sadly I had to let it go because of the price of the parts. I had an indicator flashing for the ABS brakes and after getting the car to the shop, the mechanic told me that a fuse in the sensor had a short circuit, that the ABS mechanical parts were OK, but that he had to replace the sensor box, everything in the box because that fuse couldn´t be replaced individually. Price of the box: $2,000. Also there were minor details like the left window would open down but refused to close up and there were some problems with the adjustable seat´s cartridge and overall, the bill went to $5,000... Needless to say, I´m sorry but I had to get rid of it.
Nice beautiful car when new. BUT I have to retire early just to take care of my Audi A6. Three visits to dealer to repair fuel sensor and gauge within 3 months of delivery. Teeth-trouble with new model A6! Water pump leaks, radio replaced, speakers replaced, numerous tie-rods replacements. Flimsy control joystick for rear side mirrors - broke within 3 year! Seat sudden jammed 10cm from steering while on a trip to Nashville! Now lumbar support not working. Replaced timing belt at dealer - Mrak Motor of Ottawa, Canada. Found by other mechanic to be leaking oil within the week! Terrible workmanship. Why does Audi make such a beautiful car only to be wreck by their 'factory trained' mechanics? Latest and now - sudden- no response with climate control, no honk, no turn indicators, no wipers!!! You will NEVER catch me buying an Audi ever again in this life time. If you give me bumper to bumper service for life I will still not have the time to go and spend waiting at the dealers. I bought the Hyundai and it is like a dream compared to the A6 at a fraction of price and stress! Help, Help, help.
It´s extremely classy, the build quality is so much better than the american junk. The car has a lot of power and tops out at 240 kph (150 mph). The transmission isn´t exactly the fastest, but that´s what you got to accept when buying an automatic gearbox. The interior is spacious enough, but the ceiling seems lower than in my Audi 100 , the one i had before this car. The price is good and the equipment is also very good. And it only consumes 11 litres per 100 kilometres.
I love the car. Its build quality, styling and overall engineering are a testimant to its German designers. Had the fuel sender unit recall done (for the second time on this vehicles lifespan) which AOA picked up. Good idea to get some larger than stock wheels and tires, and sway bar. Stereo is underpowered during heavy bass.
I would strongly recommend the Audi product.  Dealer service could be better.  It takes a long time to get service and the loaner vehicles are not Audi's; they use rental cars that are typically Toyota Corollas and Camry's.  The Audi A6 pampers you in luxury.
Better to wait and buy a 2 year old model and let someone else take the depreciation.  I would get one of these used rather than a Passat or Maxima new at the same price.
It has strengths no other car could offer, but the irritating gearbox and the agents' seeming inability to fix it would make me look elsewhere next time around.  Overall, dealer support is miserable; one could do better. 
Started off as a great car. Loved the sunroof and leather seats. The Bose speakers are great. BUT then after owning it for 5-6 months it starts to act up. I will be just driving down the highway or any road for that matter and it will die. Like completely die. Do you know how scary that is to be going 75 mph and have your car die? I took it into the Audi dealership in the area to have them look at it and nothing. They had it for a month and couldn’t figure it out.
Wonderful car. This is my second A6 and I love it. It has 108,000 miles on it now and it is still running well.
We found the A6 to be a nice fit for snowy weather in PA once we put Nokia all weather tires on the vehicle.  However, the service provided by the dealer and supported by Audi left much to be desired.
This car is definately one of the best daily drivers you can own today under $20,000. Its got a great interior with nice walnut trim, a wonderful exterior that just seems to grow on you. It is not a preformance car though, and if thats what you want then check out the S6. Also, if you live in the north, this car is the best I've ever driven in the snow, an absolute tank, especially with blizzaks on all four wheels. The Quattro is wonderful in the dry too, never misbehaves. Love the lights too, intergrated fog and driving lights, using elipsoid technology. Too bad no factory xenon in 1995, I'm going to get some from a catolog though. A great car to buy used, especially now, since the price has dropped considerably since the new model was introduced. And I like the classic styling of mine better anyway.  
Love the car, fear the dealership. I have been fortunate with my A6, experiencing only minor electrical glitches and few mechanical failures, all with low cost of repair (so far). Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for my wife's A4 (2000 1.8T Sport), as soon as we passed 50K (warranty), the display lights started to fade, gas gauge malfunctioned, hauntingly abnormal tire wear, several charging system issues, headlights constantly burning out, and finally, the turbo blew. Sounded like marbles being swirled around in a coffee can. The car spent more time in the service bay, and my poor wife behind the wheel of a bright yellow cavalier (loaner), than in my garage. The staff at the dealership are always sympathetic, but that quality seems to bring them no closer to getting the problem resolved. It seems to me that there are no immediate fixes with these cars and none are soon on the way. The longest stay at the dealership with the A4 was 11 days!! And that was because the brake pad indicator light was on, and after replacing the brakes, all around (still under warranty, thank God) the techs couldn't get the light to stay off. It is my belief that they simply disconnected it. :) It got to the point where the service manager and I were on a first name basis. I miss the A4 tremendously, I know several people that have never experienced the troubles that I had, the same can be said for the A6, I know several people that have gone through hell with theirs, while I have been lucky. I believe Audi to be unsurpassed in luxury, comfort, handling and horsepower, and I have enjoyed every second behind the wheel of them both, I only wish that they didn't spend as much time as they have in service. After reading several reviews of Audi's product, I feel for the owners of the cars that didn't stand the test of time, and I know the feeling. Solution? Lease. I am fairly certain that while my wife vows to never get behind the wheel of one again (traded the A4 for an SUV, Chevy), I'll own nothing other than a German engineered car for the rest of my driving days.
After losing our A8 to a head on car accident, (both passengers survived, but Audi died to save the passengers) we bought a used A6 because we needed quattro, but felt it would be more reliable and better for mileage than our A8. After 3 x-country trips, and numerous state hopping, it has been a great car. It just hit 150,000 and has only been in the shop for normal wear and tear. The pearl paint looks great but she is starting lose some of her luster. After reading reviews, I’m leery of buying a new one because frankly, this one has been wonderful. It is the epitome of precise German engineering.
After owning Audi's since 1885, I will never purchase one again. Remember they are salesmen. Nothing is their fault.
This is a wonderful vehicle with reliability, performance, and style. I would like the maintenance restored and the resale value to be a little better. Overall it is an excellent vehicle with a slightly higher than I would like price.
The car has been in service for almost five of the nine weeks which I have owned the vehicle. Repeated electronic failures attributed to 'the computers' have baffled my local service department. These failures have affected at least six different electrical systems including battery failure. Parts, I am informed. are on back order and need to be shipped from Germany. Audi has (finally) verbally agreed to replace the car. (My promise to picket their booth at the Detroit Auto Show may have influenced their decision.) I am concerned about future problems with this model, however and remain uncertain whether to accept their offer or insist on refund.
Vault-like smoothness. Handles corners in road-holding fashion that belies its size. Not a jack-rabbit, but smooth, constant acceleration. Everything is in the right place eergonomically. I have no problem with the steering. Light Silver color compliments the lines. 18' 'pie-plates' look great.
I'm an Audi nut, but I'm going to be objective as possible. A stunning car. The interior buttons and controls are intuitive and easy to use. The Bose stereo is excellent and easily outperforms everything but the most expensive aftermarket units and systems. Seats are extremely comfortable for a 6'2' driver (I can straighten my left leg). I used to have a 2000 A8 and traded it in for the 2001 A8L for the extra 5' of rear leg room and the more imposing look. The A8L is a real head turner of a car, amazing considering the older exterior styling. There just aren't that many on the road. More impressive than a 7 series or S series because of their rarity and size.     The 310 hp engine is extremely fast and the ride is impeccible and quiet. The Quattro is an absolute must if you drive in the rain. I've seen BMWs and MB at a complete standstill when launching from a redlight with their tires spinning on the wet asphalt or their engines revving down to re-establish grip, while my Audi screams away.
I love these cars - but people must be warned they are always in the shop. I should know - I've owned two and the first was a lemon I sued and got all my money back and the second was an audi assured used model (was afraid of buying new) and it too has endless problems. However, they drive like no other sedan, are very fast, super comfortable and look better than the competition
This is by far a unique auto, and an engineering marvel. Smooth, quiet and full of power. I agree with others in this forum that there is a serious visibility issues and blind spot in the rear. Average is 24.5 MPG which is great for the large V8. The solar panel in the sun roof is very creative. It came with Goodyear tires which were trashed at 28k miles and were replaced with Continental tires. I was very pleased with tge results in tire change. Not very pleased with Audi corporate customer support as they are nothing more than clerks screening calls and protecting the inside management from dealing with customer issues.
What can I say about this car. It is not only the nicest car I have ever driven, it may be the nicest car I have ever been in.  I had Mercedes for years, plus lots of other cars.  This has to be the best thought out car that the world has produced in its class (no, I'm not saying its the best car)    The interior is stunning, and the design for functionality is flawless, except maybe the navigation, which is always goofy in every car.  The finish is simply perfect.    The exterior design is a total sleeper, totally unpretentious and understated. No one notices me, which is exactly the way I like it. Especially when I am doing 85 MPH!      Fantastic safe family car too. Plenty of room for 3 kids, with room to spare in the back, huge trunk with great built in ski storage.     And then there is the speed... this thing is a silent rocket ship.  The speed is intoxicating, especially because the quattro allows you to take advantage of the speed in almost all conditions. The brakes are good too    But as many others have stated here, you must be willing to deal with the whack you take on depreciation, and that things break somewhat frequently.  If your tolerance level and expectations are set around boring toyotas never breaking, do not buy an Audi. If you are looking for something distinctive that is fast, silent, beautiful and subtle, there is no substitute for the A8    There are things that can be improved for sure.  The OEM tires simply suck, as does the garbage bose audio system (bose is the greatest fraud ever perpetuated on a naive public). The climate system has mood swings occasionally, and the memory seat/steering/mirror system, well, its memory could be better
This car is great! There is no rival to this car for this price. I've blown ferraris, porsches, and all of those street racers that they think they can blow you out. I live in the area of AZ where every where you look there is a merc, beemer, ferrari's, you name it and its here and we've blown most of them away. This car is like a mini limo with a jet engine on it. It has a great interior and room. Great sound too, good enough to blow the guy who spent $1000 on their new sound system. Only down side is it isnt a convertable
As I told my salesman, if you really want to sell an A8, have the customer speak to me. Never before have I driven a car that possesses EVERYTHING I could ever want in a car. It's fast, comfortable, stylish and all wheel drive. The interior is ultra functional and comfortable, while the exterior does everything but scream, 'Hey, I'm the best value in the luxury segment!' Dollar for dollar the A8 is the best all around luxury car, bar none.
This seems to be a great car, however beware that the armrest on 1999 and older models tend to be the weakest point in the car. You will probably have to replace it if you have not already. the 2000+ models have a re-designed one that is much better.
I have owned my 1999 Audi A8 for 3 years. I have put 40,000 miles on it and the car has been flawless. It is, hands down, the most incredible car on the planet. It swiftly carries me and my passengers anywhere we want to go, under any road conditions, in comfort and style. It is supurbly sporty, yet elegant and understated.  My 99, despite being nearly 8 years old and with 80,000 miles on her, still looks like a brand new car. People are shocked when I tell them it's a 99.  There are no rattles or squeaks and the fit and finish are still better than a new BMW I drove last week. It is a very well engineered car.
i would recommend to anybody looking to make the drive to work fun again.  This car proves that four door cars can still rip!!  While the family is in the car its still no problem to blow away a mustang.   a particle, smooth car that is under rated, because of its poor sale rep. who sold it to you,  This car stands alone
For 67K I've had the worst experience during 44 years of driving with Audi's local dealer, Audi of America, and quality issues in many areas both car and the quality of dealer service. My giving the 'Value Rating' of three to the A8 based upon what I know the car is easily capable of being. I'd heartily recommend my experiences with Audi and my A8 for YOUR most disliked relative or neighbor. 
As other readers have noted, the A8 is probably one of the best sleeper cars out there. What do I mean by that? Well, it has build quality that rivals Rolls Royce, features in a 98' that New cars are just starting to include, performance and handling to rival the best sports sedans out there and hardly anyone knows anything about it! Until the new A8 came out, noone I talked to even new Audi made an A8. Most of these were corporate executive fleet cars and the mileage and extremely nice condition of these used cars reflects that. The only downside that I will agree with others about is the goofy Audi Electronics that seem to have a mind of their own. The climate control does whatever the hell it wants, the sunroof will open occasionally for no reason (but easily closes) and more disturbingly, the transmission will just electronically lock up and prevent the car from moving on occasion with hard driving. Other than that, the car is an AMAZING deal at $10-$20k for a higher mileage vehicle. As long as you make sure the key service points had been done, you should have a great car for years to come!
I would agree with everyone that this a8 is amazing car to drive. It has so many accesories that I have never seen in other cars. The handling is super the fastest the I was doing on the turns is 50 miles in 90 degree turn with fully pressed gas pedal and it is amazing, never experienced anything like that. In here CA I have visit 4 audi dealers all of them are friendly but I was just buying the parts nothing else. I'm fixing or trying to fix it myself and so far I had to rebuld the left front drive axle and it cost me $75 at NAPA just to rebuild it which is excellent, also planning to change oil in trany and rear deff. will see how is that going to be. Other than that it's a real luxury car, you won't be disapointed I have 110000 miles on it and no complaints for now except the gas mileage but we all know that alway you gotta pay for comfort because it's never free.
This is my first experience with an Audi. Fortunatly (or unfortunatly) I read the 1998 A8 Quattro reviews after I bought the car (I might have been scared off by some of the reviews). My A8 had 85000 miles on it, and looked showroom new. I was drawn to the car because it was the only car on the lot that would carry a $28000 finance that would allow me to get out from under a Hyundai Sonata. I have put 30000 miles on this car in just over a year, and I have been very satisfied with it so far. I too have had bad service from the only 2 Audi dealers in St. Louis, but after finding a local foreign car service shop, life is better. I have replaced the timing belt ($800.00) the left front axle ($300.00) the right cv boot and rear drive shaft seal ($500.00) battery ($120.00) ceramic brake pads (to TRY and reduce the brake dust) ($500.00) and several ($120.00) oil changes. A previous comment on this forum compared this car to a high maintenance women (expensive but worth it) and I have to agree... This is the most beautiful understated piece of machinery that I have ever owned. This is only the second foreign car I have ever owned, and I will never buy American again...(at least at the time of this writing, and also at the time of this writing, I will buy another A8). I would however appreciate comments from long term owners of this car, so I might cut my losses if I need to....
I purchased my A8 from a locacl BMW dealership who didn't hesitate to give the car away. One of the headlights wasn't functioning so I promptly took the vehicle in for repairs at the Houston Advantage Audi dealership. The auto was looked over and they stated the headlight ignitor was out and it would cost 450.00 to replace plus 200.00 for the bulb as well. The inept boobs failed to test either and after sending to a European auto repair shop, they quickly determined the bulb was out and provided the same bulb Audi was offering for 142.00. These autos are great to drive but as previous owners stated, Audi service SUCKS.
Bought my A8 used with 40K miles. I had the car for 5 days when it was hit by a Jeep Cherokee. The damage was minor but it took 5 months for the repair shop to complete the repairs. Only certified shops cana repair the aluminum body. The car sat for 10 weeks before repairs were begun. Finally, the car was towed to the local Audi dealership to have the transmission oil changed. It sat for 3 weeks before they changed the oil. I had asked that the electrical and power switches be checked while the car was at Audi. They did not check the systems, so when the car was returned to me, the power mirrors and the passenger power window were not working. It has been 5 weeks since they ordered the part. I have call the dealership 3 times and no one has returned by call. Do not buy this car if you don't have patience dealing with dealers who don't care about your time or if you don't have a second car. I will not buy another Audi because it's the worse experience I have had with a dealer.
I have 120,000 miles on my A8 now and it has only been in the shop once outside routine maintainance and that was for the infamous control arm replacement. Has been an absolute stellar performer and the pearl white exterior still draws admiring glances. Friends that are passengers can not believe it has 120,000 miles on it and does not have a single rattle or creak. Truely a well put together vehicle. The quattro system is indispensable with the kind of snow we get here on lake Michigan and yet it handles well in the warmer months (unlike an SUV). I particularly like the subtlety that the A8 exudes. It does not scream, 'hey look at my $70,000+ car' like other german marques, however, those in the know always give it an approving nod. It is the czar of understated style. I have been so impressed with this vehicle that I am doing something I have never done before; I am trading it in for a new A8. I looked around at other cars but the A8 is still the only vehicle that combines aluminum(no rust,light weight),V8 power(no unreliable turbos or superchargers),quattro(midwest winters)and this level of luxury and refinement. I can't imagine anyone living in the snowbelt going with the BMW,Benz or Lexus. I see them in my rearview mirror during the winter and laugh all the way up the snow covered hill.
This car has amazing understated luxury. You feel like a company CEO driving this car and your passengers feel like they are in a Limosine. The quality and finish of the interior makes a BMW 740il look like a Camry. My friend drives a Mercedes AMG 55 and the interior of the A8 is just as nice. The bright red dashboard illumination makes the interior look like a fighter pilot cockpit. The cars ride smoothes out many road bumps yet maintains a firm, sporty ride. I originally was going to buy a 1997 It's nice to stand out from the sea of BMW's, Lexus's and Mercedes in Dallas. I have only seen (3) other A8's on the road.
Best car I ever owned.  Bad luck for all of you, who don't get the chance to drive an A8 with a diesel engine. It's the perfect compromise between power and fuel economy. (I'd like to get my hands on a 3.3 V8 TDI though)  Interior and exterior finish is perfect, even after 60.000 miles.  Excellent dealership and Service (at least in Germany)
Terrible value ! I bought this car with only 55,000 miles and it was very well cared for, but AUDI's quality/durability/dependability is terrible-I have already replaced the front end suspension for $1100 (I've heard that's common), a $110 battery, had the glove box fixed to be able to open at $100, replace a coolant tank that cracked, have an engine that overheats when stopped in traffic over 90 degrees, the heated steering wheel never worked (I've heard that's common), the rear sunshade now doesn't work, and the driver's seat belt doesn't retract ! And the driver's side mirror has rust between the glass blocking half the mirror !Anything else I missed ?? I'll remember something, just wait !Audi USA customer support was terrible-of all the above items that failed on a 2nd hand, super high-end $65,000 car just out of the 50,000 mile warranty,they only fixed the seat belt ! And thank God I didn't have to pay for that 9 hour job! If you didn't buy this car new or you're out of warranty then good luck ! I've now heard other horror stories about Audi's customer service and terrible reliability ! 
Well, there is only one Word to - AWESOME !I leased one in Germany and now I own one here, this is the ultimate Wayto describe when the Adrenalin pushes through your System. There is nothingto compare the A8 with because neither BMW nor Mercedes can offer this Kindof united Performance, Luxury and Power. BTW, my A8 in Germany had a Chip tuning done and Audi removed the autmated throttle closure by 160 MPH. So with 340 Horses and a top Speed about 175-180 MPH is driving this Animaltwices much FUN. See you later Porsche Carrera. What can I say, take this Baby for a test ride and you won't be disappointed, if you enjoy driving as much as I do without always checking the Gas price then this is the right Car. 
Most awesome vehicle I've had the pleasure to drive.  The appointments are impeccable, fit and finish is still superb on a 4 year old vehicle with 60K miles.  Performance is very gratifying.  Engine is extremely strong, and with Quattro the car corners like it's on rails!!  The dealership was just a class operation through and through.  They made it clear that I was now a member of the Audi family, and they would do whatever they could to keep me coming back to Audi for many vehicles to come.  Couldn't be happier.
Great car to drive. Amazing AWD. Fast, quiet, nimble, luxurious, love the way it looks. The car I love but won't buy another because of the next paragraph.    High maintenance costs. Stuff statrted to go bad as soon as warranty expired. Dealership sucks!!!! Audi USA just as bad or worse. No support. What kind of bushleague outfit are they running.
Unfortunately, I don't own this car. However, I just drove the Audi A8-L and I had to comment on it. In a word: WOW!I've been considering a new car for several months now and had originally narrowed my selection down to the Lexus LS 400, Mercedes S-Class, and the BMW 740iL. However, after driving the Audi, I believe I have a new favorite.I really liked the comfort of the LS 400, but the ride was too 'disconnected' from the road. It was almost like riding on a cloud. And, the rear seat space wasn't too impressive. As a matter of fact, it was very close to the cabin size of the GS 400.The BMW, however, was a bit in the opposite direction -- good feel on the road, but not the most comfortable. Actually, I couldn't move the driver seat far enough back in the 740iL...and I'm not that tall. The rear room, however, was very generous.As for Mercedes, I don't know what happened with their new design. Really, it was the look of the interior that I disliked the most. The outside isn't bad, but I think the previous S-Class body type was the best.Enter the A8-L...This car had the best of the Lexus LS 400 and the BMW 740iL. It had very comfortable seats, plenty of get-up-and-go (more HP than Lexus or BMW), cavernous back seat area, and very nice fit and finish. Actually, it had even more bells-and-whistles than the 740iL and at about the SAME price (or slightly less)! Overall, just a GREAT car!
I paid $78,000 for this car and would recommend this to anyones who wants a car that will last forever.
I drove many vehicles before deciding tto purchase a 2001 Audi A8L. The cars included slightly used Mercedes E and S class examples, new VW Tauregs, Lexus LS, VW Passatt, Audi A6, Audi A4 and many others. All left me cold except the A8.
Until Mercedes has a 'quattro' S series sedan - and even when they do; the A8 provides unmatched value and time tested Quattro heritage. Drove A6 4.2 for a year before the A8L - no comparison to the A8's finish, fit, feel and handling.  A8 is just as fast as the A6 4.2 (6.7 second) and handles BETTER with the aluminum frame despite it's size (weighs about the same still). Only wish Audi was more forthcoming about the new redesigned A8 coming out in 2003 - see Automobile Magazine 6/01.  There are a few things on the A8 which were tempermental at first - OBDIII exhaust sensors tripping check engine lite - resolved now. Also, acknowledged bug in GPS where it won't default to miles instead of kms.  Last, wearing polarized shades yield dimmed, if not blacked out, GPS and radio instrumentation - tach, speed, etc, gauges are fine.Minor, minor problems at first with this car - Audi USA is adament about making the customer happy.  Dealers should be giving A8 owners rides, cars above the A6 as loaners, etc - bending over backwards according to a field rep for Audi - complain if your's isn't!!  
Quality, grace, comfort and subtle style.  The Quattro all wheel drive system and the ESP control gives a very safe driving impression and amazing driving performance.  Engine power is abundant.  It's been snowy here in the North East and the Quattro system is very effective, even in 10 inches of snow.  Amazing!   If you want a go anywhere, anytime, in any condition with grace and style car, this is the one for you.  
The first time I have fallen in love in a decade.  Best sedan I've ever driven.  This car feels like driving around in a nimble bank vault. This is a car for enthusiasts who love fine machinery and who love to drive.  Attention to interior detail is incredible.  There's even a convenient button to disable the interior motion sensors in case you want to leave someone in the car with the doors locked!  
The price was about 78k range.  For the same price you can get into a 5 series BMW or a 7 Series.  But in my humble opinion the Audi is built better and stonger than he BMW or the Merc.  Plus you get the AWD system that is a must for raining areas like Seattle.  I could highly recommend this car to anyone with the money.  And if you can afford beast, do invest in the larger engine since it has a better resale.
Great point and shoot car capable of cruising cross country with luggage for two. Run flats a a bit abrupt in initial impact on road irregularities.  Sport interior seats are a must, Premium Package well worth convenience and lighting of the exterior and cabin.  Besides the turbo engine, the DCT transmission puts the car in another realm. Shifts are perfect and RPM are perfectly matched in automatic mode. Sport and Sport Manual modes will allow your inner Michael Schumacher to emerge. Navigation and Premium Harmom Kardon should also be seriously considered as should be the factory installed alarm as none is available aftermarket. Heated seats will poach eggs, if you know what I mean. ;)  Coupe is lighter and more solid than the very nice 4 place convertible. Rear seat on either (smaller on the convertible)is for very short trips or children only.  Lots of modifications available and most are of excellent quality, but include the BMW tax. If you have the money, you can make this car anything you want except maybe a blingmobile.
Amazing handling and engine power Gorgeous interior design, good leather quality with individual option
A great car and worth buying second hand. I'm now driving a car that cost 80kGBP 2.5yrs ago and I paid only 25k GBP.  The engine is incredible. Gear changes unnoticable. Comfort seats are fantastic. I have a young family so the the safety reputation of the vehicle was a selling point.  Car is designed to cruise on the autobahns at 200kph (120mph) and it does. wind noise from the sun roof is a little loud for a car of this status but it's liveable. Previous car was a 2002 Mercedes S500. This is much better. idrive is only complicated for stupid people. The system is intuitive and works well.
This is the worst car I have ever owned! I would never in my life buy another BMW. The car spent 1 month out of the first three in the shop and still doesnt work. BMW assist has never worked. 2 weeks into owning the car I went outside to start it and nothing. had to be towed. they still cant tell me what happened or why. they said the car wouldnt work because of the tint on the back window. they stripped the tint and left glue on the window and the car still never worked. Terrible CAR!!!!
Overall, this is the best car I've ever experienced for many reasons. The car is large enough to ride 5 adults, yet it can perform much like a sports car when you push it. The car is very well balanced. I've had this car for almost 3 years and I can honestly say that I plan to stick with BMWs in the future. When everything is working, it is simply phenominal. However, when things start going wrong things can get expensive if you aren't careful. Lucky for me, I'm somewhat savvy when it comes to car repairs so I've performed quite a few normal repairs (oil changes, brake pads and rotors, belt replacement, alternators, batteries) that the dealership might tell you are too difficult for the average Joe to perform. This is false. The car is not any more complicated that American or Jap vehicles. There are more sensors and aesthetic covers under the hood, but when you get past the eye-candy the engine looks like many others. I'll stick with BMWs in the future. If you are indifferent about getting from A to B then this isn't the car for you. However, if you want a car that can deliver luxury comfort and also deliver a hint of sporty performance, this car deserves a look.
I was looking for a new luxury sedan that would perform well, look good, and most importantly fit my size. I am 6'6' and have a problem fitting comfortably into most cars, the 745iL is perfect. I have loads of head and leg room and can even fit in the back seat behind my preset drivers seat. Size aside, the car performs incredibly in every way. I am no techno-genius and was somewhat concerned I might have problems with the i-drive, it is a piece of cake to operate. The control knob sits perfectly where my hand sits and in a matter of days it is second nature. If you are concerned it may be complicated, dont be. Gas mileage is pretty good, about 29 MPG on the highway and 22 in town. I drive about 600 miles per week and have never been so comfortable, the fan cooled seats have been great during the summer.   The car also looks great, I get looks from all over the place, people giving me the thumbs up as I drive by and when its parked there are often people walking around it.
The BMW is a great car. It has a great engine and is very smooth. Yet, it also is very luxurious. The features are great and has an easy-to-read dash board. It is a great family car with enough space for 5 passengers to live comfortably.
I love driving this car. Previous car was Lexus GS 400 and if I could put the Lexus stereo and DVD based touch screen GPS in the BMW 740, I would have the perfect car.  I'll look to the aftermarket experts to fix the stereo; the car is great.
When I bought mine, I didn’t bother checking out other luxury cars because I think BMW is the best and the most satisfying to own and drive. Well, not really. My brother and his wife own both the 2000 S430 and the 2001 L430. When they went out of the country for vacation, I had a chance to drive these other 2 cars (they said I could drive it) for 3 weeks. Only then that I realized why didn’t I check these other 2 cars, (especially the Lexus) before I went to get the 740il.  Lexus, despite its conservative bland styling, will raised any driver’s benchmarks. Believe me!
OKAY.. I had this car for a period of two months. Then, i gave it back to the dealer. I went down to the lexus dealership and kicked myself in the ass for not starting there. Lexus is a much more reliable vehicle. It looks great- ESPECIALLY ON THE INSIDE!! Has nearly every option imaginable. More than that though, the LEXUS is known as a reliable car. And thus far, it has been. It is ten times quieter and smoother than the BMW was. If you are looking for a true luxurious car which covers everything from good looks, to performance, to reliability, than I would suggest that you look to Lexus. I read several of the reviews on the BMW 7 series from this site, and caught some knucklehead saying that Lexus = P.o.S. and that they are nothing more than refined Toyotas. I don't quite think that he will be saying that in another couple of months when his BMW is broken down on the side of the road. He will probably wish he had done something like me. Do your self a favor and test drive the LS 430 before you buy that bimmer. Trust Me!
I am totally hooked up to the car, inside out. The exterior is sleek and mean without being overdone or flamboyant. The sport package makes it even better. Only S430/S500 Sport can match it in this catogory. Once inside, the engine/tranny is the best combination I've ever experienced. With a slight pressure on the gas pedal the tranny kick down for instant pulling, accompanied with the roar of a big V8. Steering is BMW's specialty and you have to drive one to believe.
If you look at my review on 12/21/01, you'll see I had just purchased the car and was ecstatic about it.  My how times have changed.  In the seven months I've owned this car, it has been back to the shop 8 times for a wide variety of faults.  What is worse, the stereotype of BMW and Mercedes dealerships is true.  They have proved to be arrogant, condecending, and incapable of fixing this car.  My frustration reached the point of overflow and this week I will pick up a new Lexus LS430.  I will miss the sports car performance of the 740, but very little else.  Maybe I'm crazy, but when I spend $60,000 plus on a car, I expect reliability, impeccable quality, and exceptional customer service.  BMW delivered none of these.  I dreamed of owning the 740 for a long time, and unfortunately, it became a nightmare.  I hope the Lexus lives up to expectations.
Purchased a month ago as a treat to myself and have not been disappointed yet.  Customer Service at Bill Jacobs was excellent.  Great satisfaction to know that you are driving the most beautiful and expensive car on the road and seeing other drivers jaws drop at the sight of this fantastic bavarian peice of art.
Driving on a beutiful country road has never been more exilirating than with my 530i.  From the moment you push your foot down and hear the purr of the 220+ Straight six engine you know you are driving the Ultimate Driving Machine.  I drive back and forth from northern Vemront to New York City and what once took five and a half hours to drive has been shaved down to four and a half.  It's not only speed but the ability to pass large milk trucks on single lane highways in VT day or night is something that you haven't experienced to the fullest till you've had a BMW in your hands.I believe that in any configuration the 5 series is a car that has made history.
It's pricey up front, but like the best of anything, you'll never be able to go back.  It's on par with all the best in areas of luxury, saftey, gizmos, and prestige, but alone in performance. It's by far the classiest for reasons similar to it's performance: It doesn't shout out to everyone on the road like the MB or Jag, but there is something undefinable about the understated elegance and subtle look of the car that separates it from the pack.  When you add the shocking performance for a big car, it stands  alone. BMW is really going to have to mess up big-time for me to drive anything else ever again.    
As stated, looked at the GS430 and the BMW 540, but needed a little more back seat room.  Could not warm up to the new LS430.  It's a great car, but clearly slanted more to the luxury side.  The A-8 had the allure of all-wheel drive (a plus in Wisconsin), but Audi's still struggle with some quality issues.  I picked the BMW 740i Sport because I felt it was the best combination of luxury and sport.  It drove as well as the smaller 540, but gave me the extra room.  The 18 inch wheels that come with the sport package give it an aggressive look and really enhance the handling.  I like a stiff ride, but I would suggest you test drive one with the larger tires and stiffer suspension before you buy.  You do trade off a bit of ride comfort, but I find it a worthwhile compromise.  We are having a really snowy winter here, and those big performance tires are not the greatest in the snow.  However, the stability and traction control, along with the flexibility of the Steptronic transmission have kept me from getting stuck so far.  I should probably change to snow tires, but I love the look of the regular tires.  Can't imagine why anyone needs the limo-like room of the 740il.  All in all, I am thrilled with my decision, and really look forward to my commute each day.  I'll try and give an updated report after I put on more miles.  The other cars I drove were all fine cars, but it's really hard to beat BMW if you enjoy the driving experience along with your luxury.  Quite possibly the best luxury-sport sedan available today!
Total price around $68K.  This is a luxury car that's sporty and made for people who love to drive.  Highly recommended if you are deciding between Lexus LS400, Audi A8, and MB S430.  Unless you really want the 'limo' size leg room in the back seat the iL version is unnecessary.  The acid test for me will be the New England winter and I'll post another review after some experience in the snow.
(2000 Model) -    The 740i has amazing power it put out over 310  horses and has a 0-60 time of only 5.8 secconds(Ive tried it!)It now competes with the mercades S400, Audi A8, Volvo S70 (850), and the Lexus LS400. I am amazed with this car!
This is an excellent car to buy, I recommend it to anyone who has the kind of money to purchase this beautifully made car.
road manners and driving experience are sublime. car is absolutely beautiful and grows on you more and more as the days pass. bumps come through a little harsh, but with solidity.the v8 burble seeps into the cabin just enough...intoxicating. the stereo soundstage is horribly collapsed to either side of the vehicle. subwoofers are almost useless...become overloaded at moderate volume and lack any tonal quality. road noise is minimal, but not like a lexus LS400. navigation system is CD based...very slow to update and hard to control without having touch screen. BMW needs a lesson from acura in this dept.
Absolute WORST car we have ever had! We have not gone 5,000 miles without something else breaking on the car. Interior build quality is good but the parts they use for the drivetrain are laughable at best. Plastic radiator.. get real, watercooled alternator.. whats the point??  Lets not foget part prices. Alternator will set you back $1000 from the dealer and a power steering pump another $800. What a joke and they don't even last 100k miles. Yea sure the cars great to drive and is very comfortable but the powerstrain quality leaves you with a bad taste in your mouth.. and the parts prices make you feel like you drop the soap at your nearest prision.. Just a word of caution if you plan on keep your car a while the strut towers are known to bend in causing the car to wear tires on the inside excessivily. Called the dealer and he said this is NORMAL WTF? When the shock towers bend in like this your screwed because there is not CAMBER adjustment on these cars to dial it out. Absolutely INSANE they do not have camber adjustment so your only option is to buy a set of adjustable camber plates on the aftermarket.
Loved this car for 340 days out of the year. Incredible performance and awesome muscle look, but hated it for the 10 days when we had snow on the roads here in the mid-atlantic states and the 15 days it was in the shop or I was writing a check. Bought it in 2002 with 36000 miles, still under warranty-with no certified extension. Got to about 60,000 Miles and the costs and frustrations started piling up. had to have the seat rails replaced twice and the door handle on the front passenger side actually just fell off one time when I was trying to get in. Came right off! Always something little going on, and every time I drove by the dealership, I was dropping $1-2000 on a repair. Loooked at my last 18 monhts of repairs and it was pover $8,000, and I'm not alone. Have three other acquaintances who onw this car and they all say the same thing. There is almost a code to this though. 'Don't talk trash about the BMW until you no longer have it...' and have foiund we all say the same thing about our cars. And let's not even talk about the snow. I knew it when I bought it, but all the weight is in the front of this vehicle and the slightest bit of snow on the ground causes spin. The traction control does nothing. Just got out of this and picked up a certified Mercedes s500 4matic. So far, so good. different feel, but know that I have peace of mind in terms of repair expense and handling in the snow.
Great car with a few weaknesses that I'll discuss later.  In the last two years, my wife and I have had a 99 Acura TL, 98 Exploder EB, 2001 BMW X5.  We currently have a 00 740iL and 98 Lexus.  All cars were excellent except the Exploder.  Each car has it strengths and weakness'.  The Acura gave way to the X5, the Exploder was sold for a loss, and the X5 gave way to Lexus and now we have the 7 with the Lexus up for sale. We test drove the 7 prior to buying the X5 and fell in love with it, but the X5 was newer and won out.  The X5 has some quality issues we didn't like, the dealer service sucked also so we unloaded it for the Lexus.  The 7 was still calling us and we finally got into a 00 Silver IL, with Black Leather, non sport with 20000 miles.
Amazing car. It drives looks and feels like a BMW should. Nothing in the car feels or looks cheap, wood aboud, great leather and seats to die for. I drive 5k miles a month and I wanted a car to keep me happy on my 10hr jaunts to Maine. I love this car on the highway or on country roads. The steptronic tranny does exactly what I want almost every time, and for precise control there is always the manumatic mode.
OVERALL A NICEST CAR TO DRIVE OR DREAM OF.PEOPLE LOOK AT THIS CAR LIKE IF THEY ARE LOOKING AT A CELEBRITY.LOOKS TO DIE FOR.VERY APEALLING.CAN'T BELIEVE THE HANDLING OF A CAR OF THIS SIZE.
OVERALL A NICEST CAR TO DRIVE OR DREAM OF.PEOPLE LOOK AT THIS CAR LIKE IF THEY ARE LOOKING AT A CELEBRITY.LOOKS TO DIE FOR.VERY APEALLING.CAN'T BELIEVE THE HANDLING OF A CAR OF THIS SIZE.
I bought this Beamer 'cause my son has a 540 and daughter a 530. I love it! I've had two 911's, 3 Corvettes, and a SVX. This BMW beats them all!
The 1999 BMW 740i sport is the 7th BMW that I have owned over a 20 yr period, so I feel like I'm fairly well qualified to speak about BMW. BMW has always been an expensive car to maintain, especially as they get older, however IMHO they have always been well worth it. They are without a doubt the best cars I have ever driven. However, after this car and my experience with the last few BMW's that I've owned, which include an older 7, a couple of 5 series and a 6 series, I will never own another BMW. This '99 was the worst car I have ever owned. I think that BMW quality and reliability have slipped terribly over the last few years. I can't explain why this has happened but all I know is that it is a fact. The Japanese are making some spectacular cars, perhaps they don't have the same thrill of driving a BMW but they also arent in the garage all the time. My next car will be a GS 300 or an M45, although I did own a Q45 and wasnt happy with it, I've also had an A6 4.3 L but only for time, it was a beautiful car when I owned it but I believe they suffer from reliability issues like all the German cars.
I got this car for free from my uncle Flip.  It was his wife's car and has no reason to keep it, because he can't drive.  It's a pretty good car.  I thought that the finish was a bit messed up.  This was easily fixed, though after I sanded it down and got some new paint for it.  I used some leftover flat black exterior paint I had used on my house.  I used a roller and a paint brush to do the job.  Make sure you tape off the windows, because mine are know painted shut, but with such an advanced vent and AC system,it's okay.  There is plenty of room in the car, which is great because I'm a pet groomer and sometimes I have to carry up to ten or twenty cats and dogs in my car.  This car is well put together and I'm sure it will last me for a long time.  I recommed this car to anyone who can afford it.
Ultimate Driving Machine, yes, but they missed something, it is the Ultimate Driving Experience. This car is just as happy doing 65MPH on HWY 101 as it is rockin and rollin down HWY 1 at 5 MPH to 120MPH in seconds. The comfort and control is unmatched. In a very short time I have become one with this machine. There are cars faster or more comfortable but none wrap it all up like this one does. It demands and deserves respect, and it gets it. I have had numerous comments made to me about how others wish they could own one. This car was at the top of my price range but I couldn't be happier to make that monthly payment.
anyone that really loves cars that are top-class should buy a BMW
Delightfully light and balanced at all times, my 740iL starts, turns, and stops in an almost magical fashion.  I don't think any other vehichle exists that provides such a supreme feeling of safety and control.  Elegant styling, a reasonalbe price, high performance, high mechanical refinement, along with first-rate materials and workmanship add up to an excellent value.
I purchased this car 6 months old from a dealer who had taken it on a trade for a mercedes (his loss) and got it for a steal, 56K.  I think that if I had to do it all over again, I might reconsider the 540 or maybe the 740I sport.  The IL is a great limo car and my freinds love riding in it. I would definately recommend it.  The dealer is the best.   If you want to ride in style and demand safety, go for it! 
Paid £90000 new (with a lot of extras such as blinds all round rear area, individual paint and M kit).  If you got the cash buy it.  It really is a great car, but it is big. Very big.   If you are not a confident driver then  I wouldn't bother because repairs are very pricey for ANY part of the vehicle.
A couple of days ago I was filling the tank up at the local station.  A man next to me with a Cadillac STS jokingly asked if I wanted to trade cars.  Then he went on to say how the 740il is one of the best cars made.  Similar things have happened to me at least eight or nine times in the last 3 years.  When I bought it, I looked at the Lexus, MB and Jaguar comparables.  The bottom line is the BMW 740il is what they want to be.  The car is simply a pleasure to drive and own.  If you want to own the luxury/sport sedan that is the top of its class, the 740il is for you.
any 16yr old should get this car for their first, how many people u know that can say that they've driven a v12 car more than any other type of car?
I have owned my fair share of BMW's over the years (approx. 7), so I hope that I am qualified to leave this review. I served in the US Army, in Germany, where I first found my love for 'the ultimate driving machine', from 1985-1989. I loved these cars sinced my first a 1977 520i(euro Spec). I brought my current BMW, a 98' 750il, while helping a friend looking at a Mercedes, at that time I was driving a 95'525i, the search for the Mercedes stopped (for me) when I saw that 750il, I never liked Mercedes anyway, they are good cars, but overly priced and (for me) BMW has them beat on engineering. The body styling, luxury, yet sporty, which can also be said for the mechanical attributes... once I spent about an hour admiring the car from the outside, it was time for the test drive, once the salesman told me the price, and that it was a local one owner car. Mileage was 84000.  I've never owned, a 'real' luxury car, until now. Just getting in, and adjusting everything, and I do mean everthing, to my personal taste, I had the most enjoyable experience, I have had in any car. The car wraps you in leather everywhere, the dashboard, and even the 'oh Damn' grab handles. The thicker glass keeps outside noise to a whisper, the transmission shift is flawless, and the motor is ready to respond to your every command. I started out, not knowing what to expect, but I did expect performance, and I wasn't disappointed..... the car commanded respect from it's 322hp powerplant from the beginning, I pulled into oncoming traffic and she responded, with alil' bit of ole school R&B, coming from the sound system, complete with tape deck, and 6 disk changer with DSL, and GSP navagation, I was ridin' in tall cotton (as we say down south). This car is a tall mans dream, I'm 6'4', and I have too much room. Once I pulled onto the interstate, I accelerated from 45 to 80 in seconds, and set the the cruise at 95, and just about fell asleep, this car rides great, even at 95mph outside noise is a whisper. The nav system, told me where I was, and the O'Jays were singing 'Brandy', can it get any better than this? I slowed to a more acceptable highway speed, before returning to the dealer.Being that the car was a local car, I stopped by the dealer, to have it looked over, and the car passed that test also, they could'nt believe the asking price either. After owning the car for 3 months, I've only had to replace the brakes, and the car currently has 86000 miles. My friend, who was 'was' looking at a Mercedes, is now looking for a BMW for himself. As i said when I started this review, I love these cars, They are truly 'The Ultimate Driving Machine'. I also currently have a 1988 BMW 535is, which I'm restoring, to it's greatness.
This is the nicest mass produced affordable (Used) car on the market! No other car is easier and more fun to drive than the 750il. Don't make the mistake (Like the guy on the review before this one) and buy a 740il, there is only a few thousand dollars different in the used market to upgrade to the 750il, it is well worth it! I have had no problems with mine. I purchased it with 53,000 miles and now it has 69,000 miles on it. All I've done is take it in for an oil change and tire balancing. Gas mileage is excellent in this car. If I drive it like a race car I still get 19 mpg if I baby it (Normal driving) I get 22-24 mpg. That is twice what I get out of my wife's v6 Chevy Trailblazer when I baby that. The engine has the best power delivery of any car, it pulls hard right up to 155 mph ! The transmission is also outstanding. This car is rated at 322 hp, but it was rated at half throttle! I have never driven a nicer car, and you know what? My cup holders work fine !!
ALL THAT GLITTERS AIN'T GOLD!!! Overall not worth the money. I've only had the car for about a month and I am thinking about trading it back in. As far as mechanical problems go I know that can vary between identical cars but there are several design problems in the BMW that annoy me. When I test drove it they didnt seem that bad but after a few weeks it really became annoying. Despite the long post below I am not a picky person. However, when you claim to have the ultimate driving machine and slap on the ultimate price I expect close to the ultimate vehicle (all things considered). When I buy a BMW I expect better performance, fewer maintenance problems and better reliability than from Toyota and Honda...unfortunately that is not the case.
I had never owned a luxury car, but always knew my first would be a BMW. I've loved them since I got my driver's license, and my motto now is 'if I can't drive a 7, anything else will do.' I bought it with 85K on it (plus cert p/o warr till 100K), and it drives like a brand new car. No noises, ticks, squeaks, etc. I have never been so comfortable in a car seat before - I actually like my commute to work now, and am saddened when I pull in the garage at night. If the car had autopilot, I could sleep at the wheel. I believe I have very little if any ego, but boy do I love the feeling of driving this car. When my wife drives it, sometimes I like to sit in the back seat to just enjoy the roominess. And I love the respect you get from people who know cars. So far, no problems, but I figure a couple grand a year is worth it if necessary in maintenance.
Bought this baby with 119,000 miles on it. It needs a 120K service and probably some cats so they off set the price I paid. This car is a complete dream. I had been considering the Lexus LS 400 which is a great car but lacks the pure driving pleasure of the 740. Upgrading from a 1989 Camry I am flying high (until the first repair/maintenance bills). It is a remarkably well-balanced car. Definitely a head turner. Plan to have it for years.
Great looks, great car...the performance is unbelievable for a car of this size...
Simply an amazing vehicle. Yes, it requires care and feeding, but somehow I don't mind, I somehow enjoy providing for it since it provides so much in return.    You command, it responds. You want more, it gives more.    Silent, powerful, responsive, communicative, fun.
Bought this car to keep me happy on I-90 as I drive about 200 mi./day. Always wanted a Bimmer and thought I found the dream car. It's the greatest when it's running, but therein lies the rub. Ive had it for 10 months and it's been in the shop 4 times. I've been 'lucky' in that each time it's been a 'safety issue' so I've avoided the 4-6 week lead time the dealership quotes. It's amazing to me that BMW is able to keep it's loyal base. It's the 'ultimate driving machine' but thank God for the 5 year/100K warrantee! I have about 10 months and or 30K miles to decide what to do.
My Dad bought this car new in 1998, and we both absolutly love driving it. My Dad drove a Lexus before,and it doesn't compare at any rate. This is just a fabulous car.
WOW !!  This is a magnificient automobile. The ride and power are supreme. It handles extremely well for a luxo-boat.  I traded in a '97 528i...the difference is incredible.  The comfort features are great and it sures does live up to its reputation as 'The Ultimate Driving Machine'
Excellent car. Really. I always wanted a MB sl500 but I test drove a 740il because the prices were great. The car was an absolute winner. I am looking forward to buying a used 2001 M3 in 2003 or another 740il or 750il.
This vehicle is amazing, I have driven 65,000 in two years, mainly freeway and their is no other car I could imagine driving in such luxury. It now has 135,000 miles and looks and drives like new.   The only maintenance problems I have encountered were a broken radiator hose assembly ($400 installed),a broken coolant reservoir ($65)and a broken rear window wind mechanism ($150). I have replaced the rotors and brakes once $500.  Total maintenance $1,115 in two years of 65,000 drive miles in my mind is pretty good, I would recomend if you are thinking about buying any BMW that you try to find a local machnic/shop that specializes in BMW. They know the vehicles well and are considerably less than the dealers. The rear wheel drive makes handling a dream! I am currently looking at getting another 740IL. The luxury of this vehicle, the handling, the appearance is too good to pass up.
incredible car. first bmw i've owned. defn not dissapointed. quite, smooth and powerful. automatic windscreen washers, abs, traction, leather, memory seats, reversing passenger side mirror. this is truely a fantastic car. i'm worried about the service costs but i'm probably a good 4 months from that. 4.4L V8 has ample torque and doesn't use as much fuel as i thought it would. 430miles for a tank. cruises at 100m/h easily. transmission super quiet and smooth. (car has done 91K)
Been driving BMW's for more than 10 years.  Considered MB (too old for 30 somethings) , Lexus (kind of bland), but always come back to BMW.
$Paid mid 60's.  Would recommend the car highly. High marks in all areas.  Expensive on front end, but quality, timeless design, and sturdy performance offset this. Great value.  Great car!
I bought this car because it was a bargain, 27,600 USD for a car that a little over 4 years ago cost 93,000 USD.  It had  77k miles on it, but was cosmetically, and apparently mechanically, perfect.  One owner, off lease.  I thought I was going to resell it -- probably could make 5-10,000 USD profit.  WRONG!!I can't part with it.  It is unlike any other car I have ever driven.  It is more like driving a flying saucer than a car:  the sweet engine note, the seeming lack of effort to throw you back in your seat, the incredible luxury and ergonomics astound me.  I thought my 740i was nice.  Well, it is.  But it is a bumper car in comparison with the big 750.  I know now why they cost 100,000 USD, and why people are crazy enough to spend large sums to maintain them and repair them.  It's because they just can't help themselves -- if you can't fall in love with this car, it's because you are already dead.I note that they depreciate dramatically, because people are afraid of the V-12 and the other pricey accessories that can cost a king's ransom if they  -- or when they -- break down.  I bought this for the price of a new Toyota Avalon.  Yeah, the Toyota is a fine car, will be much cheaper to run, more dependable, yadda, yadda, yadda.  Drive the 750il once, even an older one, and you will cast caution, and all the Toyotas and Hondas in the world to the wind without so much as a shrug.  Used 750s are amazing deals at the moment if you can afford to maintain them.
The best car on the road today. Period.  I had a Lexus LS400 which really dissapointed me in repair costs and it handles really bad.  740iL handles better than sports cars, and feels like your driving a very tiny car.  I thought about sclass or another LS400 but both cars look just pathetic and can't perform.  It has heck of a room in the back; it's a limo literally.  The car is very reliable and safe.  I get a smiley face when I hit the pedal.  looks same as 2001 model.  2002 new ones look like crap.  I really want to get a 2001 740iL Sports package  ...the car is very easy to live with.  GO get that bmw 740iL !!!!!!!!!!!!!
The BMW 740il is my second BMW that I've owned. I live in Central CA. I loved this car when I saw it in Transporter, and on the road. I did alot of research on the car from www.e38.org (which is the best site if you are needing help with the car,ect ect)  Once I found one, which was a one owner trade in at a HUMMER Dealership I jumped to picking it up. So far the car is a pleasure to drive its roomy and I love the look of the car. The car is great on the highway when traveling and handles very well for such a large car.  The engine has good power for the car being a V8, plus its not a gas guzzling V8 compaired to other cars. The interior is simple yet suttle and is pretty erganomicly friendly. If you are in the market for a big body sedan the the 740il is great buy used cause the values on the car are lower than u think.  The car has a good amount of features that were ahead of its time and still turns heads. Throw some accessories like clear corners, and diffrent tailight options for a look of your choice. And to make it really stand out at add some wheels and you got yourself a car that will definatley put alot of newer cars to shame.  This car is a luxury cruiser not a race car so if you are looking for something like that then go the other way. If you are worried about matinance and upkeep on the car get one with lower miles and one that comes with records. And get a pre-inspection from your mechanic of choice it can save you a heartache. Even if the miles are kinda high as long as its been taken care of and up on routine or regular matenance and the suspension addressed the car can last you a long time.  Most people who have problems with this car sometimes don't know what they are getting cause this car isnt a Lexus, Honda or Toyota. Also do your reaserch on the car and read www.e38.com so you are aware of the issues that you will have with the car so you can decide if the car is for you.  You can save yourself alot of money by doing alot of the typical repairs yourself and www.e38.org is a site that would be your bible for the 1995-2001 year of 7 series info.  Over all I enjoy the car and plan on keeping it for a while.
nice luxury car. drives smooth i been drive bmw for past 12 years in europe 318 525 but 7 series is nice long design car.
I highly recommend this car to anyone who wants a high performance luxury sedan with heck of of room inside. It's definately a car for people who likes to drive than ride.  good reliability, awesome power, fantastic handling. big luxury car that thinks it's a sportscar. ideal car for someone who wants a perfect luxury performance sedan.
SO DUMB, stupid looking back lights, annoying I CONtroll thing, have to push it so many times to do simple things, like changing a radio station. I prefer my Lexus LS430. Good pickup though
I took European delivery and put 5500 miles on it in Europe (in 1 month). Car just arrived in US last week For Europe the car is too big. For European delivery you should definitely consider parking sensing option. I had no problems at all and travelled with 4 people. The navigation system was of enormous help in large inner cities like Madrid, with plenty of one way streets. I pushed it up to 130mph before the US cut out came in and it felt like it was on rails, very stable. My wife does not like to go fast but she found 110 'comfortable'. Voice recognition for nav system and phone comes in very handy. There are more luxurius cars in its class (Lexus) but it is just not the same. I found MBZ too much like Japanese styling lacking character. I'll update in the future.
Awesome.  I shopped for weeks.  This car gets better each time I drive it.  Was thinking of a GS 430, which is a great car, this car, puts it to shame.  Must get the sport package.  handles like a dream.  Since Warrenty is for 40 k miles, and maintenance is free, how can people complain about the cost of repairs?  The only thing you pay for are tires...  Not the car for the 'It's just a car wife', this car needs to be enjoyed and driven
This is our 5th BMW. I was told 5 years ago to lok at the Mercedes line. So, we went to the local dealer,was treated like we were too young,(31 at the time) and wanted to drive the S class. Well, needless to say, I left un-impressed w/ not only the lack of professionalism, but trying to judge my income based on my age...Big Mistake...,drove directly to the BMW dealer close to home, was treated w/ respect and courtesy. Told them I was interested in the(back then)95 740 il.Test drove the car, and even took this car for a day. Then I drove this car to another local Mercedes dealer to compare side by side. Thank God I did, fit and finish, quality were well beyond that of the Mercedes, and this made me think, 'Why do people think Mereceds is superior over the other brands'? It took me about 5 minutes to concluded my decision.Now we have had 5 BMW's since then,Now own the 2001 740 Il and love it. I have to chuckle as I see a Mercedes now, as they all look like Toyota Avalons or a Lexus. If Iam going to pay 80,000 plus for a car, I don't want people to have to guess which generic car is it? If I want a company that has so watered down their fleet, and no longer has the 'wow' factor, then I would go to the local Chrysler.................I mean Mercedes dealer and buy one. The 745Il will be our next car this year. I am not sold on the rear end style, but I am willing to give that up for the BMW tag of class, prestige and over all unique appearance that the rivals have muddied.
Exellent all-around car! Every day I discover something more that I like about the car. A wonderful Luxury at an affordable price used. In addition to my 1991 Mercedes 300TE 4Matic I have my dream garage. Thank-you BMW for producing such a wonderful product. I will be a repeat customer for a long time! Great replacement for my 1987 Audi 5000s Quattro!
This car ownes.  Lexus, Mercedez, Audi, is nothing compared to the BMW 7 series.  Slick body, faaaaaaaaaast, comfortable....what else is needed?
First of all, I just bought is as a toy, not as a transportation... :) Unblievable car!!! Or should I say unbelieavably expensive car to drive? Well, I was born in Europe, and grew up on BMW, VW, and Benz... People drive them for 20 years over there, just changing oil and filling up with gas... That's not the case in the USA though! Here, these must be the most unreliable cars I've ever seen! What happens while those vehicles cross the ocean is a mistery for me... Now about the cars itself, what can I say? The ultimate driving machine! (unless it's beeing towed) Great power, the V12 is super strong engine, never gives problems.. Pleasure to drive, passing cars is a joke, can I say power rear seats??? Impressive gadjets and all, great deal since it depreciates so damn fast.. :) The usual problems are electrical stuff, computer crapping out, transmission, I had my share with all of these, and couldn't wait to sell it, but I miss it so much, I am about to go buy a couple years old 740i now... Never mind the $$$ that it costs to maintain. The v12 has two air filters, the oil filter costs $30 alone in a discount auto parts store, basically very expensive car to own, but very rewarding.   Oh, and reading this review forum makes me laugh so much... what is this? A bunch of old guys trying to race with their 2+ton cars? :) It seems like everyone is so concerned about how fast their car goes... heheh, buy a M3 or something, the 7s are not about racing mustangs... Oh, and by the way, if you want sports luxury, go try the Audi S8 and then talk about the sportiest luxury sedan, BMW doesn't even come close to the quattro s8, in power, in handling, or in anything else. And the quality issue is a big freak accident here in the USA, Audi's are just as reliable as BMW and Benz anywhere in Europe. Fit and finish is amazing as well, and the performance actually comes close to a sports car
First time ever voicing my opinion on this site.  Can be a derivative of the word PERFORMANCE.Probably the Uncrowned Monarch of Luxury cars.    Everything else sucks...pathetic sound system,cluttered interior,TOTALLY UNRELIABLE.  I should ask the design team if they ever heard of word 'Ergonomics'., may be its not there in their dictionary.
BMW 7 e 38 is the best car ever made.750iL is the best luxury car in the world.BMW brakes are the best.Everyone kinows that.The most famous people in the world drives BMW 7.For example. 'Bad guy' Slobodan Milosevic, ex - president of Yugoslavia drives in BMW 750iL protection.
This cars amazing! i have a 740i with 19x9 wheels ,high performance tires, Blistein HD shocks, and high performance brakes. This car handles better then any car its size, holds the road and takes corners even better, poeple might think since its a 2+ ton car it can't move, but alot people have been suprised :) I highly recommend this car to any one that wants a high perfromance luxury car, the 7 series are one of the best cars on the road!  
My 740iL cost $76000. Only other comparable car in the market is Mercedes' S Class. But the BMW is much more athletic. Yes, there are numerous controls and are not easy to grasp at first glance, but they are all logical and useful in their function and layout. Once studied, they are simple to use. These are unlike other car’s controls that seemingly ergonomic but over simplified. The 4.4L does not have 310 bhp but it does have 324lb-ft of torque. It accelerates as fast as 528i manual. For its size and weight, the performance is amazing. Believe me, I have raced with Ford Mustang and won.
Even though it lacks some of the fancy gadgets that are part of the new Mercedes S-class (the new 7-series due out in 2001 would probably have all those features), it drives much better than any other car in its class. It handles as well as many sports cars without compromising ride quality.
Paid $78,000. I would recommend it but test drive on poorly paved roads to see if you want to live with the ride.
I have been fortunate enough to be the owner of several nice Sedans.  Lexus LS400 was by far the quietiest, nice factory stereo.  MB S500 felt most solid, built like a tank with huge room & seats.  Infinity Q45 was actually sportier than my 740 (this was a 92' Q45, before Inifinity went-off course).  Overall I say my 740 is the most balanced of all these cars.  Wish 740i Sport was available when I bought mine.  Will wait for the new 2001 (or is it 2002?) 7 series and see what they have to offer.
An ideal mix of luxury and sportiness in a package that rivals both the BMW 5 Series and the Mercedes E Class on nearly every level. Though often compared to the BMW 3 Series, it virtually matches the 5 Series inch for inch. Add the superb reliability record and one wonders why one should ever pay more for a European sedan.
I was looking for summer car and was interested in the new 370Z. I test drove it and love it but was a little concerned that it is purely a two seater and there is very little cargo space. My golf bag/clubs have to sit in the open and that is dangerous in case of an accident.  I went to next showroom and looked at the G37x Coupe. The G37 has the same engine (my fourth vehicle with the VQ engine) with more luxurious amenities plus the two doggie seats which I need two nights a week going out with the wife and kid. I purchased the AWD which is new in 2009.  I also looked at the Audi TT and the BMW 335ix. The G37x essentially offers you much better value and reliability. The coupe rides fairly firm but not punishing. The acceleration is strong (0-60 at 5.4 sec) and one can sit comfortably in the bucket seat. The exhaust sounds great on acceleration. The brakes are very responsive.  The Infiniti BOSE system is so and so. However, the interior is quiet with a lot of high tech toys to keep me entertained.  Gas mileage is around 22mpg for its first 1000 miles. Not bad comparing to my FX. 
The positives of this car are the looks and the engine performance, though the acceleration could be smoother. The negatives, though, far outweigh the positives. Beware on test drives, as many of the negatives are not things that are apparent when driving for just 20 minutes or so. I have never been this dissatisfied with a car and have had many. Unfortunately, I lease. If I had bought this car, would take taken my losses and put it up for sale before I hit 1,000 miles. First and foremost, the seats are so uncomfortable it is hard to concentrate on any of the positives. Another review mentioned being uncomfortable if you are over six feet or 250 pounds+. As a female more than 100 pounds lighter than that reviewer, I still say stay away because the seats are so bad. My previous car was a BMW 525 and had an Audi A6 before that. The dealer claimed Infiniti is in the luxury range with those manufacturers. I say they have a long way to go to get into the same class. The audio system also is problematic. It switches between ipod and radio randomly. Also, the steering wheel function does not include XM, so you need to lean way over to switch between the 100+ XM stations. The ipod interface is very cumbersome to switch and find what you want. If you want to hear an artist who is 50th down on the alphabetic listing, you get to hit the little button 50 times to get to that artist. The bluetooth interface is very weak. First, there is no automatic tranfer of your phone book to the car. Placing a call through the car system takes about 10 times longer than it would take to just dial. The actual gas milege is lower than claimed, though hopefully that will improve as the engine breaks in. Right now, straight highway, say 250 miles at 70 mph steady, does not get as good a gas mileage as they claim the car gets in city driving. The ride itself is pretty bumpy and when on the highway,the road noises is very high.
My G35 came from the dealer with several Steve Millen upgrades (intake, suspension and exhaust) and rims treated by Helios with a Black Mirror finish. (was $2K a peice just for that) I started with a 4 door G35 sport but had to have the 2door. Needless to say i love the car. Even though i said i would never have another black car it is black on black with the black mirror rims. I get crappy mpg due to wanting to hear the exhaust roar everytime i drive it. I only have 2 really big complaints, the paint does not look as good as most other cars of this type and no freekin ipod input. Even the 07 Nissans have that. I have had 2 1st Gen RX7s and several other sports cars and this one has not been a let down. now that i dont need a back seat the 370z is looking better and better but it would be hard to leave it on the lot for someone else. I have gotten several others to buy one and now my wife even has the new EX. She loves it but had to take a class to figure out all the technology it offers.
The 2007 G35 is a car to buy if you have a budget of about $35,000. All other cars around that area won't compare to it. I've done a lot of searching when it came to buying a car and the G35 came with more standard features than most other cars did. It is way better than a BMW 3 series I can tell you that. It is a great car from the looks to its performance.
I bought my G35 coupe in April of 05. Beautiful car. I have it Black on Black. Turns heads everywhere. But I hate it! In less than a year I've had 4 brake problems. My brakes go bad in the front and sometimes in the back. My tires wear every 2-3 months. I'm lemon lawing the car and they sent an inspector out to see my car and he told me that my brake problem and my tire problem are due to the route I take to work, I laughed in his face. Infiniti is trying to play us. Not everyone has this problem but if you have a G35 from 03-04 and ones that were built in early 05 more than likely your having brake pad, rotor and tire problems. Not to mention that my problem is only on the front left brake for the past two times. I am so dissapointed with this car I will NEVER buy an Infiniti nor a Nissan again!
Just got it about 2 weeks ago. I ordered it in Aug of 2004. Just like a new born it was finally delivered in 9 month. I love this car. Well worth the wait.So if you ordered it and the dealer tells you that they infiniti started making the Coupe 6MT's late in the year it's true..I checked with a few other dealers during the 9 month's. I'm still in the break in period but 'O MAN' she wants to go fast. The handling feels like I'm on rails. Car pulls in every gear even 6th. Can't wait until I get over the first 1000 miles and I can really get busy.
I've just test driven a 2005 G35. Wow, those seats suck. I'm 5'6', 170 lbs and the side bolsters on these seats stick into my lats so much that my back doesn't completely press against the back of the seat. Its not like I'm a big guy or a body builder. Are these seats just for slim women or scrawny guys? The ride is truly rough and I'm used to 'sport' suspension. Maybe that's why there are so many late models on the market. Man, do I want my old turbo Talon back - it was a dream to drive.
I've only had this vehicle for 7 months and it has been in the shop over 20 days and counting. The oil consumption on this engine is comparable to that of a 2-stroke engine - one part oil to 20 of gas. The vehicle has gone through several oil consumption test, the valve covers have been replaced twice, the exhaust pipes are covered in black desposit and inifiniti won't acknowledge it as a lemon. This is not the kind of treatment that one would expect from a 'luxury' dealership. Do your homework and research this car very carefully, if you do a quick web search you will find out I'm not this only one with this kind of problem.
I wrote a review back on Aug 12 2004 when I test drove the 5AT. I then test drove the 6MT but settled on the 5AT - I figured I couldn't get any more perfomance (legally) out of 6MT than I would a 5AT and I commute to work soooo... what a car. I bought it used with 15,000 km and have put 6,000 km on her. This car is amazing. She pulls and pulls from any speed. I am often surprised on how fast this car can accelerate - you have to be thinking way in advance because things happen very fast! The 5AT is a very fast car- the shifting is smooth and quick - faster that I could probably manually shift. This car is a road hugger too - I let a friend test drive it and he took an exit ramp from a major highway (exit speed limit 40 km/hour) at 120 km/hour - no tire squeal or slip. I don't condone this kind of driving but I was amazed at how well it took the curve.   There is definitely a mystique in owning a G35 - example: while driving along a major highway, I came across another G35 - we looked at each other and started laughing. From there, we ended up revving and passing and having a ball for at least 10 km - what blast.   Kudos' to Ajax Nissan near Toronto on their excellent sales philosophy and service. The car was washed and detailed, oil changed and immaculate when I picked it up. They went over the top to please and I wouldn't hesitate to buy from them again. They also gave me a very fair price.
I'm a 46 year-old male who has now owned my G35 Coupe for 11 months and 8,000 miles. I still look forward to driving this car everyday!    Infinti has come out with an exceptional combination of style, speed, comfort and quality in a reasonably priced sports car. At my age, I don't receive too many compliments about my looks, but it sure is rewarding to hear wonderful compliments about my car.
Speedy and a fun car to drive, not particularly quick off the line but really fast once it going and coners as if it's on rails. Front brakes pads tires had to be replaced at 24,000 miles. Getting 400 miles to a tank of petro which is about 21 MPG. (I wish I could get more but hell, it' a luxury sports car.) Biggest Plus is the styling. I still have people who will come up to me and admire the styling.
Great car, Ok gas mileage, great handling, Maint overall is great, speaker system is awesome when your not playing CD, the right system comes on and off based on your breaking, wierd, haven't had the dealer check it out yet but thats my main issue, which is pretty good.
I have had a 2004 Infiniti G35 Coupe 6MT (what a mouthful) for the a little more than 12 months. I'm currently stationed in Germany and I have been able to run notoriously twisty B-roads, no-speed-limit autobahns, and the Nurburgring, as well as dry, wet, and snow environments. Here's what I've noticed: The Interior. This car is really comfortable to drive in (although it took me a while to figure out how exactly to sit in the seats without my lower back hurting, I now have no pain with hours of driving.) The driving position is good, with plenty of ways for you to orient yourself in the cabin. And the gear leaver falls perfectly into your hand. If I have a gripe it would be with the quality and fitment of some of the materials and some of the plastics scratch easily. A less serious irritation is that I am also not a big fan of the peculiar stereo/HVAC button section, which seems like a sea of buttons (the 350Z’s layout seems simpler.) However, they are logically laid out and easy to operate. Driving Impressions. At low speeds (below 70 MPH) the G35 has an incredible amount of grip! Turn-in is pretty good and in dry weather it is really, really hard to get the car to spin uncontrollably. In the wet, however, it is really, really easy to kick the butt out and the VDC should be kept on. The snow isn’t too difficult for the G35 Coupe, but its low ride height makes it easy to get stuck in deep snow. In very deep snow you might find that the VDC is so intrusive that you cannot get the car moving up some uphill sections of road (with your butt constantly trying to shoot out.) But this experience is with ultra high performance all-season tires and dedicated winter tires will probably do better. On the famed Nurburgring I was able to set a “safe” lap time of 9:49 seconds. I can tell you that I lost my nerve before the car did. Certain sections allowed me to do 100+ MPH speeds with little problem, but the world goes by very quickly at that speed on a twisty two-lane B-Road. Overall the car was predictable, agile, fairly neutral (with some under-steer at the edge of the handling envelope), with incredible grunt, and transmitted tons of useful feedback. In other words it was A LOT of fun. (You can see my video at G35Place.com.) Heel-toe shifting is stupidly simple and really fun in this car. At high speeds the G35 6MT’s less aggressive suspension (when compared to the 350Z Track) makes the car float a bit when executing tight turns at 120+ MPH (while straight-line cruising is rock solid.) But this suspension also makes bad roads much more tolerable. The 3.5L V6 engine has no problem accelerating the car out of corners with real addictive authority and can easily propel the car up to its electronically-limited top speed of 155 MPH. Fuel economy is pretty bad (18 MPH average in city driving), but that is because of the way I drive (aggressively all the time.) If I’m really good I can get about 20 MPG average on the autobahn (driving at about 90-100 MPH.)  The VDC sucks in dry weather and really takes all the fun out of driving the car spiritedly (better tires reduce this problem.) When the VDC is turned off, on a dry surface the G35 is fairly neutral and either slightly under- or over-steer. When the roads get wet, you should just leave the VDC on. The Problems This car is not without its problems. Shortly after I purchased the car I found that the gas tank wouldn’t fill all the way when it was cold. I later found out that there was a service bulletin for an overly sensitive fuel flow valve. I also found that the radio would skip spontaneously for about 10 minutes the first time I started the car when the outside temperature was below 50 degrees. This problem was followed by the loss of the sound that came out of my driver’s side tweeter. Both of these problems were fixed with the replacement of the head unit and was accomplished under warranty. Finally, I noticed that there was an odd clicking coming from the back of my car when I was accelerating from a dead stop and the windows were open. With some research I found that there was another service bulletin that identified this as a problem with the rear axel bolts. This problem was also fixed under warranty. Is it Worth Buying? I spent $35,500 for my used G35 Coupe 6MT, which is twice as much as I have spent on any car in my life and I do not regret it at all. Despite the few annoying problems I’ve had with it I still feel like I lucked out and won the lottery. Fun-to-drive is the most important factor that I value in the cars I buy and I still look for excuses to drive this car. I am always looking to do a milk-run or eat out for dinner so that I can experience driving my G35 Coupe. When I get to actually race it, and I do frequently, it stands up to my abuse without a hint of objection (actually just the opposite.) Most importantly, this car still puts a very big grin on my face EVERY TIME I drive it.
This is my third post - first was in 2004 when I test drove and then in 2005. Still enjoy the car !!! Haven't grown bored of the fun factor or power. There are a lot of nice cars out there now that compete with the power and looks of the G. Infiniti is coming out with the new G in 2008 which should be interesting. I may look at trading up at some point....
I posted a review on this car on May 23, 2005. It was 11 months old and had 8,000 miles on it. It is now 2 1/2 years old and has 20,000 miles on it. Approximately 65% of my miles is city driving and the remaining 35% is highway. I take it without fail to Jiffy Lube every 3,750 miles for an oil change and took it to the dealer at 15,000 miles for premium service as recommended in the owners manual (these are the intervals recommended for high city use). Other than these visits, I have not had any other reason to see an Inifinti technician. At the 15,000 mile service King Infiniti performed all the required checks and replaced the brake pads & rotors (no charge for the brake job as they covered it under warranty). These new pads feel better in that they are a little more forgiving than the old ones but still stop the car on a dime without any break fade on hard driving. I have only good comments about the quality & dependibility of my G35 as well as the dealership. My job requires me to fly 5 times a year and get rental cars at these locations. Many of the rental cars are brand new or have less than 10,000 miles on them. I normally rent mid-size to premium cars of all different makes & models. Experiencing all these other cars makes me truly appreciate the feel, acceleration, handling and ride of my G35. It's always a pleasure to get home & drive my car. To the Infiniti G35 engineers, Job Well Done!    Even after 20,000 miles the car is still tight. There are no rattles; windows, doors, seats, CD/Radio all work great. Suspension still feels firm, handling and accleration has not dropped off at all.  
After about 2 months, I still smile every time I walk up to it and get in. Even though I wanted a 325Ci for the past few years, a few moments in the G35 completely changed that. I knew as soon as I sat in it that 'this' was the one. I knew the G35 was clearly a better bang for the buck. It comes standard with all of the features that BMW charges extra for--ie. $950 HK sound, $1800 power seats, $600 heated seats, $2500 'real leather', $1500 sunroof, $1800 for Sport Pkg and the list goes on. There is lots of power on tap, almost too much when equipped with the M6. The manual just begged to be driven hard and FAST, yet it also created a good deal more noise in the cockpit. They probably give you 2 glove compartments for all the speeding tickets you'll get with the M6...it just wants to GO! However, in my opinion, the manual gearbox required too much work to navigate as it lacked much of the slick feel of the 3 Series. Once I drove the Tiptronic for a half hour or so, I knew that it was a better decision for me. Not to mention that I asked a few dealers and each told me the ratio of auto/manual they sell is 2 to 1. So I think my resale will probably hold up a bit more.  I also opted for the Ivory Pearl exterior which I saw as a stylish and classy yet modern alternative to silver which is still hot, yet just too common on the road today. I think this colour is a well kept secret since I don't see many around, but honestly, its really sharp. I was hoping to go with Willow interior, but here in Canada they didn't import that combo for 2004. Diamond graphite interior will probably turn out to be a better option for year round use anyway.  Overall, I'm very happy with the car so far. I can't comment on service yet since I haven't had to go. I think the only real gripe I have so far is the gas mileage which is quite poor. I'm hoping after break in, things will improve. Otherwise I would say, don't pay much creedence to the EPA specs.     If you are in the GTA and looking for this vehicle, my dealer was Alta Infiniti, and the sales staff was quite friendly. Thumbs up on this purchase folks! A real thrill!
I love this car. It has plenty of power and handles like a sports car, despite having a usable rear seat for my two small children. The exhaust note alone was worth the purchase price. I purchased the Caribbean Blue with the 6 speed manual, the aero package, leather sunroof and audio package, but not the navigation system, etc.
OK, technically I don't own it * yet * but after test driving one for the day, I'm totally hooked. First off, I couldn't stop smiling the entire time I was driving. (my jaw still aches). The fun factor of this car is incredible. I tried the 5 spd Auto with Perf Package and was very pleasantly surprised with the power and handling. I can't wait to try the 6MT; I think that's what I'll finally settle with - I'll have fun in teaching my wife standard with this car! I test drove the Acura TL and it felt less crisp and the ommmfff factor was definitely not there. The interior of the TL is above the G35 but it just doesn't do it for me... the G35 is more real-time raw power whereas the TL is more refined and distant - it relegates you more to an observer than a driver. I'm surprised I'm saying this - I've owned 4 Acuras and enjoyed every minute with them. But the G35 has won my respect... I took corners at speeds I wouldn't try with anything else and it behaved very, very well; a little understeer but I didn't let off teh gas and it still corrected itself immediately - great road manners. And what about the sound... a very pleasant growl above the serenity of a luxurious interior. I really didn't try the radio at all since I was so enthralled with the experience... and I truly mean this was an experience. The dealer just laughed when I returned with a foolish grin on my face - I'm sure he's seen this reaction many times before and knows the car will sell itself . He's absolutely right. I'm sold...! Stay tuned for further updates as my journey begins. Only thing I need to think about now is: should I wait for the 2005 to get a better deal on a 2004 or just buy a 2005 !?! Other web sites indicate the 2005 has more HP, a better interior, and some of the nagging problems are fixed: seat belts are easier to reach, better upper console, memory on seat controls, etc etc. They're supposed to be out sometime in Nov/Dec in Canada. Can I wait that long? And it'll be winter then... I'll have plan a vacation in the south... decisions, decisions !
Mmmmm, Mmmmmm gooooood!  Fantastic automobile. As I was cruising down the freeway at 80 mph, a Mercedes tried to blow by me....mistake...this car is awesome. My G35 is loaded, Bose stereo, leather, reclining rear seats - premium package. I find myself staring at it.
Anyone who has read the reviews in this section knows what the features are so I am not going to go into them again. I bought my 'G' with so many options it is easier to tell you what I don't have, Satellite Radio. I just surpassed 3K miles and the car still performs the way it did on the test drive, breathtaking. I wanted a sporty little car for my wife and kid and ended up with a roller coaster ride that doesn't end. If only I were single. Several young ladies admiring my car tried to convince me to become one again.   Based on what the reviews say about the 2003 models, I believe that Infiniti took care of the major complaints with the 2004 model. The chassis has a solid feel, no rattles, stereo (Bose) sounds good, interior doesn't look cheap to me. (Maybe I don't know luxury even if it hits me in the face!) I think I made a good choice for the first time buy in the entry level luxury market. BMW, Lexus, Audi, Mercedes, Acura and other manufacturers with comparable models just didn't 'excite' me as much as this car did, at least at a price that I was willing to pay. Give me a Porsche or a Ferrari for free and I will take it!
This car is so much fun, so great looking, so fast and so nimble. If you're looking for something with great exterior styling, generous legroom, soft leather seats, great, smooth breaking and just fun to drive, this is it. I have no complaints and can't recommend it more highly. It's a sports car with space and a soft ride.
I have a Diamond Graphite G35 Coupe with Premium pkg, 4-piece Aero kit, Performance wheel/tire, sat radio. This car combines a great engine, great styling, all at a fairly reasonable price considering all it offers. I don't think there is another car out there that has its styling which is sporty, very elegant, and definitely turns heads - including my own. The engine performs great and there are already numerous modifications that can be made to it in order to increase its performance even further (Stillen, hopefully Nismo, etc.) The exhaust note is truly wonderful to hear. Though I think the interior is its weakest characteristic, it still is fairly clean cut and doesn't look too cheap. It doesn't have a cluttered look to it and you definitely can feel like your part of the car when driving.
The car looks great in the twilight blue. I wanted the willow interior but ended up with the graphite (black). The black leather looks nice anyway. Interior of the car is not like a luxury model from BMW or Mercedes. It is more simple and clean. The only options I have on my car is the stuff that came with the MT and a sun roof. The stereo is decent, I am not really into the very loud car stereos. I was able to go 500 or so under MSRP with the dealer although I had to wait two months to get one without tons of options that I was not interested in paying for. The car rides nicely, again, its more of a sports car than a luxury car so you are going to feel the road. Braking, throttle, torque, gear shifting are all very nice.
Before I reached 35, I wanted to treat myself to a G35, for which I spent just over 35G (actually close to 40 after taxes and stuff).    My G35 was just about fully loaded -- premium, aero, nav, XM. I searched for my 'perfect' car, but I had to talk to many dealers before I was able to get it at a 'good' price, but I think I should have waited a little longer. It seems that the market is selling G35 coupes for MSRP.    I have heard people say that the car is worth more than 35G for all that performance, but I disagree. I am not saying that it is worth less than 35G, but it certainly is not worth more.     First, I was a bit turned off by its interior. Although it looks pleasant, it is certainly not made of the hightest quality materials. More importantly, other cars in the same market have better interior (in my view), for example, '04 Acura TL, Audi A4, BMW 3 series. Second, this market (near luxury) is highly competitive. In fact, it took me a very long time (almost 2 months) to finally decide on a car. I loved the '04 TL's interior, I loved BMW 3 series' handling and looks, I loved G35's raw power ... each car had its own unique strengths. So, I started to look at their weaknesses.  In my opinion, the BMW 3 series (after choosing all the 'necessary' options) is over-priced. Yes, it is the ultimate driving machine, but not at 45G (after taxes and stuff). The '04 Acura TL is a beautiful car at a tremendous price (arguably the most bang per dollar), but front wheel drive does not work for me. The Audi A4 just didn't have enough juice ... sort of dull, I thought. There were other cars I have considered, but they are not worth mentioning.    So, if G35s were selling at 40G (before taxes and stuff), then I would probably get a BMW 330ci or 330i w/performance pack. I just don't think Infiniti can justify selling G35s at 40G+ ... there are so many alternatives ...    Unfortunately, I didn't consider maintenance costs in my equation. For example, I found myself spending alot of time at the gas station. I think it has to do with the way I drive. I have been going a bit faster, breaking a bit harder, turning a bit sharper, ... I have a feeling that all this extreme driving will catch up soon. Oh yeah, I just got a speeding ticket ... hmmm ... But then, what else would you do with a G35?
SWEET!!! i have a BMW 745 sport, and an Audi Allroad, so driving this car is diffrent in the sense it is truly a Brash, and gracefull sports car. After owning a 1995 Porsche 911, for 6 years, one can really tell or have a benchmakr for a cars performance and handling. While this car wont pull of a wild, porshce oversteer tailspin, at 95+ mph, it will provide enough thrill for even the most demanding drivers.     A. 280 hp, this thing has loads of torque (270), and pulls right off a stoplight, thrusting you into the back of your seat, in a remarkable type of way, and you cant forget that exhaust sound that you hear 1/4 of a mile away, and under full throttle has the wail of a ferrari. to put it bluntly, theres not much else on the road aside from 50+ thousand dollars sports cars that can run with it. (Note: this thing will out boogie a 330ci, with out breaking a sweat, although thats equally an amazing car)    B. This thing handles like its on rails, with very little body roll, and gobbs of grip. Very linear and direct steering with a refreshing natural feel to it, with great weighting. Naturally its rear-wheel drive allows it to corner, combined with its perfectly dialed in suspension, chasis, brakes, and weigh balance, high-speed cornering that would have even the most capable front drive cars in the grass. Essentially, if youre on a great two laner backroad, you WANT to be in this car.     C. The stereo and interior are great, Bose is very punchy with warm lows and clear highs, to make for a great sound stage. the interior has great seats, and a great wheel, for tight cornering, with a nice heating feature, (albeit allot less comlicated then in the Audi or BMW), and dual climate. However, a down side to this car is that some (not all) of the interior materials are not up to its germany rivals, while they are certainly better then most other cars out there, they could be better (*this is not a big thing)    On the whole this is a sweet car, and a great value for the money
What can I say, the G35c is a stupendous automobile - looks, performance, and a decent level of practicality.     Been driving mainly Audi and Mercedes the last 12 years, but longed for a 2 door sports coupe. Audi TT's back seat could not accomodate my child safety seat, and could not bring myself to pay   more than my E-class for the Mercedes CLK, which is essentially a C-class car. So when I came across the G35c, I was pleasantly surprised to find a good balance of performance and luxury. Mind   you, it is no Audi, BMW, or Mercedes when it comes to luxurious materials. Nevertheless, it is well built, with nice feeling controls, and is well appointed with features. One of my favorite things to do is just starting the G35c. The exhaust just emits a high tech growl that gets the driving juices flowing. The steering wheel feels great and imparts just the right amount of road feel. The seats are very supportive but are a little narrow across the bottom. I am 5' 11' and 160 lbs so I am not 'broad' anatomically. The super supportive Recaros in my Audi don't seem to be as tight. I also wish the headrest protrudes forward a little more. It goes where you point it; albeit not as razor   sharp as my old Porsche 944. The ride is surprisingly well damped againts bumps for a low riding sports coupe. Punch the accelerator and you are into triple digit mph, before you know it. I   learnt in my earlier days at the track that there is always someone with a more high performing vehicle. So the G35c may not be the absolutely best handling or the absolute quickest to 60 mph, but it is a completely satisfying package that handles adroitly and is plenty fast for our daily roads. Everytime I think about the G35c, it just makes me smile!
The car is unbelievable.Everywhere I've gone with it people are saying 'beautiful car, what is it?' You have to get in to a $220,000 Ferrari Modena to out do this coupe.
Just picked up my new 2004 G35 6MT a few days ago. Had to look hard to find a black one. I love it. Saw someone talked about the seat belt beiong hard to reach, but the 2004 has a seat belt extender where it attaches to the side, easier to reach. Rides great, love the shifter. I got the premium package and aero package.
Bought the car 1 week ago and I love it!  I haven't felt this way about a car in many, many years. Awesome vehicle! Makes driving exciting again. We searched for the pefect coupe the past 3 months...looked at BMW's, Mercedes CLK320, RX8...nothing had the combination of looks, performance and features like the G35 Coupe. Turn the key and the engine growls! Hit the gas and prepare to have some serious fun. Very quick and agile. The car is worth $10k more than the $35k price. All this plus room for 2 friends!
Great vehicle! Wonderful handling and very nice ride with it. Very well made with great fit and finish. Wonderful drivetrain and I have never heard such a wonderful exhaust tone. One would be very hard pressed to find a vehicle as competent as this for the low price it commands. Just a wonderful car! It is also a car that gets a great many looks from people of all ages. Great value!
This car is great! I've had the car for just over a month and have already had tons of compliments. Seems to be the best buy for your money. We got the navigation system, which originally we didn't want, but now after having it, I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Okay - for anyone considering this car - the references made that it will hang with an M3 is incorrect.    The car is fast and is a blast to drive - but it will not come close to an E46 M3. Even the E36 M3's will walk away from the G.
Infiniti G35 Coupe 6MT    I've been driving this car for 2 months now and have enjoyed every minute of it. To sum this car up in one sentence:    You get all the luxury, performance, and style of a $50k+ sports coupe for around $33k.    This car is not a:  1. luxo-liner don't spill my cappucino car (e.g., BMW 7-series or Mercedes E-class)  2. plush, sporty-looking but ultimately uninspiring Japanese econo-box  3. family-oriented coupe   4. SUV capable of carrying luggage for four on a week-long vacation (though ideal for a two-person trip)    This car is:  1. every bit the sports car that the 350Z is with a useable back seat and trunk  2. comfortable enough to go cross country, with 28+mpg highway mileage  3. a grand-tourer in the truest sense of the phrase  4. worth a lot more than the $28-$38k price suggests    It has performance on par with the BMW M3 except that it is easier to drive, costs less, and looks better. The torque starts way low, and the sweet shifting 6-speed manual lets you keep the engine on boil no matter what speed you're at. The computer stability control (defeatable)and ABS keep you out of trouble while the crisp and clean Bose stereo (optional) and the throaty exhaust note keep you entertained.    This would be a great buy at $50k but at $37,000 loaded, I can see why they can't keep these on the lots.    Other notes:  -I'm 6'3' 250lb and fit comfortably, as does my 6'7' 300lb friend (and the 5'7 150lb one, too)  -The back seat will comfortably hold two folks about 6' or under with good leg room and the seatback folds flat to greatly enhance trunk space.  -City/Highway 18-20/28+ in my experience  -Satellite radio is available on the more recently produced cars (I think May 2003-present). Check the inside of the driver's side door/jam for a black sticker stating it has been prewired.  -Interior is very Japanese (i.e., well-designed, functional, ergonomic, and modern) which may not appeal to some buyers (but is most certainly not 'cheap' feeling)
Having only driven Mercedes cars for the last ten years, it surprised me when I found myself drooling at the G35 Coupe. Mercedes quality isn't what it used to be and obviously Infiniti quality has been greatly enhanced.     The G35 is hands down the sexiest coupe for the money available. It's hard to believe you can get this much horsepower with the most intoxicating engine growl imaginable for $35K. The car handles like a car costing significantly more and the fit and finish are exemplary. I purchased the car with the premium package and sport wheel package. I also got the G35 rubber floor mats, which are highly recommended. The only other add-on was splash guards, which even if they don't do anything particularly useful, give the car a more aggressive stance.    The dealer I worked with was unbelievable. Initially, I registered at Autobytel.com. The local dealer contacted me within minutes of my registration and from car color selection to options that suited my driving the best, I was treated with the utmost courtesy and professionalism. I paid MSRP, but was not gouged on my trade in in any way.    While I can honestly say I highly recommend the car, don't buy yours just yet. Let mine be one of the few G35 Coupes on the road for a while!! OK??
I recently purchased a used 2003 G35 Coup (6MT) with 13,600 miles for $30,500 ($33,500 including tax, tag, & title). The 6 speed manual transmission comes with leather seats and the 18' wheel option. The other options on the car included the aero package, navigational system, and sunroof.    I have been an SUV owner for 9 years (Jeep Cherokee and Nissan Pathfinder) and I must say that this is the best fun I have ever had driving. The responsiveness of the engine is awesome. The growl from the stainless steel dual-tipped muffler entices you to let the beast out of the engine and it doesn't let you down. The G35 Coupe's ability to handle curves and turns is also great.    The G35 Coupe is not just performance. The amount of space is very shocking. I was surprised at how comfortable the seat is for a guy my size. The side bolsters keep you in your seat even when taking hairpin curves, and you are able to take more than one thrill-seeker on your journey as long as they aren't 6+ ft.    I could go on for days about how pleased I am with my purchase, but you will have to see for yourself, besides I like being the only G35 Coupe owner in my neighborhood.
I just got my Infiniti and it has been a blast! I got the premium package with the tire and wheel package. The accelerator is so responsive that I have to be careful getting onto the interstate!     I looked at four dealerships in the Atlanta area and the best one I found was the Infiniti of South Atlanta. They showed me the dealer price and did not try to BS me into paying more. They did not have the color I wanted but I was able to use the price they gave me to leverage a better deal in another care dealership. If you live in Georgia and are interested in Infinitis, I highly recommend this dealership. Ask for George Jones. The price I quoted is out-the-door by the way which is the price that really  matters if you want to buy it.      One thing that I have heard about the G35 with the tire and wheel package is that the Michelin tires might wear out quickly. I guess I will have to find out. I am sort of partial to Bridgestones myself.      Another thing I have learned is that the six- cd changer/player in-dash has to be carefully loaded otherwise it can jam and you can have a broken cd player in the car.     The car also has a gamut of safety features with three (count them!) airbags on each of the front occupants. The xenon headlamps are also standard and the quality of the interior is just top notch. I hope the silver accent in the middle of the car will last the wear and tear though.       Other than these,the coupe is both a looker, and a winner. It is a great buy for me. I will keep things updated. Hopefully, my experience will continue to be positive.
There can't be any better combination of everything than the new g35. I recently purchased a 6-spd one, and it's been a eye-catching car ever since I took it out the road. I didn't shop around for cars for short times, and I find G35 as the best value in its' price class, of course I payed only the MSRP while other 'Don't-Know-How-to-Buy' drivers payed way more.
awesome exterior, great engine, fantastic features for the money ($7000 less than a bmw 330ci). interior features like nav, homelink etc.. are great. only had it for 8 days but its a great bargain for the performance.
This car is a sports car. The look is fresh and very 'chic'. It gets a lot of heads turning and I would say that it is the best looking car on the road right now. The drive by wire throttle is fast and responsive. The car never runs out of torque. Acceleration is amazing. The value is excellent as a similarly equipped BMW will cost $8000 more. Ride is cushioned for a sports car. If you want a more supple sedan ride, then go for a sedan or some other 4 door car. This makes a great touring vehicle as the seats are supportive, and luxurious. You don't mind driving across the country in this car. There's ample room to put luggage, golf clubs etc.   If you were to compare with a Honda S2000, the Honda would be a gazelle; sleek lines, light frame, low torque. The G35 would be a charging bull; lots of muscular power, heavier but responsive.
Isnt this car called the BMW Killer? So many innocent Bemers!? :(
Great car, extremely fun to drive [I had it 3 weeks and put 2,400 miles on it already] We have alot of 'motorcycle roads' in northern Ca and I have driven on most of them in this car. It handles flat with immediate turn in. The acceleration is impressive but shifting the 6 speed transmission is still a little stiff. The G35 is very smooth at speed but around town the suspension is not very compliant. Gas mileage is around 19mpg but I expect low 20s after break-in.
I wrote a review several months ago, which was favorable. This is after almost 4 months of ownership. I was really excited when I got my new G35 Coupe. The excitement definitely wore off. The car came with a dented bumper, which the dealer fixed, but in the process got overspray all over the car, which meant the car needed to be clayed. The paint finish is not up to par. There were rattles that could't be found or quieted, the brake dust is horrendous and don't let your shoes come in contact with the door sills, as the paint chips off easily. After almost 4 months in the car, I gave up and traded the car in for a Honda S2000. The Honda embodies the kind of quality I would have expected from an Infiniti, unfortunately, the G35 sorely lacked in quality.     They spent too much on the engine of the G35, leaving little else for the rest of car. The interior is way to plasticky to last and scratches appear out of nowhere. The cars sears appear comfy, but I defy you to sit in them long term and find the comfort up to the level of other luxury sport coupes. If you do find a comfortable position, DON'T let anyone adjust the seat at the carwash, because there is no memory and you may never get the seat back in the same position. If you're fussy about maintaining your car's interior and exterior, this is not the car for you.
I bought my G35 coupe in July 2003. It is red, premium package, spoiler, clear bra, tinted windows, wind deflector, body side moldings.
Some might argue that this vehicle has competition. I don't see it that way. Entry level luxury sport coupe (is this really a category?) has a handful of fine entries. As others have mentioned, the Acura TL (Too Little or Too Late, take your pick) and BMW 330 are close competition. But not by my standards.    Upon first glance, I knew I wanted this car. The lines spoke to me and the numbers were quite the best in the field. At its price, it's not cheap - it's comparable. Do they provide value/$? Absolutely. Is it the best value/$? You get what you pay for.    The Acura is a looker, but has 4 doors and front wheel drive. Plus the overall feel is tinny and weak (hey, it's just a perceived feeling). The BMW brand has been stretched beyond its once proud nameplate. Luxury in their lines is real, though overrated. I found the leather in the G to be much softer than even that of a Mercedes S-Class not to mention most down-stream entries.    To me, the G 'fixed' all the 'problems' with existing vehicles of similar caliber. More power, better leather, better handling, better communication with the driver. The list goes on.    I have oft opined that the market has options to suit different individuals. This is a no brainer, really. Clearly BMW, Acura, Mercedes and even Chrysler don't have what it takes to be parked in my driveway. There really was only one that had this privilege.    People usually shop for what's in their price range or just above it. I had less than a handful of cars (in said 'category') to choose from. In that sense, it comes down to 'what do you want to be seen in'?
I have owed a number of various types of vehicles and this is my first luxury sports car. First, its beautiful to look at. Second, it handles as good as a Z and rides ten times better and with the back seats folded down you have more than enough space for luggage for 2; and when there up its more space than you would expect for a sports car. I love the NAV option, easy to use. This is one great car.
2003 Desert graphit, auto., Prem. pack., Navigation, wheel package. Purchased with 7,000 miles.  What can I say. I still look forward to going to get milk in this car. I love looking at it as well. I am a big fan of this car, granted it does have it's imperfections in build quality and dash materials, these don't change my opinion of this car in the least. The performance is breathtaking, sharp and crisp. Both acceleration and braking are thrilling. The handeling characteristics are exceptional and well balanced. The car is very predictible and consistent. I feel confident at 140mph like no other car I have ever driven. Even the 330i, the lexus 4, and the 40k+ cars I have driven have nothing over this car. Sure, it could be a little faster off the line but it is quite fast and exciting enough for me. I have owned high HP cars in the past and this car is far more enjoyable all around and a true pleasure to drive. I would say this it is an excellent value. The gps systed leaves a lot to be desired but operate effectively. The stereo is adequate but nothing more. The back seats are great and roomy for most adults, something that is rare in a car of this size and attitude. Now lets discuss the looks. This car is flat out beautiful, mouth watering beautiful. I wax it, then sit down and just look at it. I put on a z-tube and pop charger (quite a cheap and simple application which greatly changes the sound and low end torque) and the exhaust note is unreal. It sounds like a cross between an indy and muscle car. In closing I whole heartidly recommend this car to everyone (which is quite a few impressed individuals it seems) that ask me 'how do you like it?. I just smile and say, go drive it. Anyone who owns this car will know what I mean when I say that to own it is to truly love it. Happy driving to all g owners.
I recently had to let go of my G35 because of a divorce and I still dream about getting it back. I've had the car since December 3 of 2002 which is about a week after official release. This will be longer than anyone in this forum I believe. First 6 months, this car drew more attention than a 911.     BTW, I traded in a Honda Odyssey to get this car. I have 2 kids and backseats are sufficient although trunk is dinky. The diagram on the car says it can fit 2 golf bags and I tried and tried but can fit one barely.  I ended up with the AT transmission because Infiniti allocates only 10% of the cars to be MT and when I got it, the only color I was gonna get was Black so I didn't have any choice. Tiptronic was OK but next one I get will have MT. Acceleration in MT mode was quite good for an auto. I don't think any amateur racer can shift as fast as an AUTO per se.(more a sport feel in MT I think) 0-60 is between 5.8 to 6.2 depending on which magazine you read but the torque on this car is just fabulous. Braking is very good(even the non-Brembo) but at lower speeds somewhat too sensitive. Handling is very tight and you just wanna test its limits every time you go out on the road. Styling is probably the best under $100,000 range. Because it was so new, it had some issues. The tape that was applied by factory in the lower front bumper when removed took a chunk of paint off. Window motor was defective but covered under warranty.(also left grease marks on window pane) Rear brakes wore out at 7,000 miles, front at 15,000. Infiniti had sent out notices to those who had AUTO transmisson a letter saying that Infiniti would cover pads and rotors for first 36k miles.(don't know if it's a defect or design. can be expected from a fast heavy car) Gas mileage was approximately 19-20 with 50/50 local & freeways. On local only, hard to get over 16 MPG. HVAC is still confusing after 2 years because all the orange buttons look the same. Michelin Pilot Sport tires wear out quicky. Black paint is extremely hard to maintain too. I used to wax every other week.     All in all, I am considering purchasing another one after my divorce is finalized. The design is flawless. I prefer the one without wing because it's sleek like that. I'd recommend people who are considering it to get it Premium PKG/Navigation/Sport and Tire PKG. Navigation system is one of the best on the market and very practical.     When 298HP MT debuts in January, I will see if I can afford it. If not, I will definitely work harder to make it work.  I still will go with Black or Athens Blue exterior with Black interior. Stock rims are fine as long as they are 18's. I personally think it is one of the best stock rims.     I wouldn't think twice about purchasing another one.
Purchased pre-owned '03 G35 coupe 6MT with Aero, Sport, and Premium pkgs with 12,000 miles for $30,900 3 months ago. Only aftermarket modification has been Borla Cat-back exhaust system which boosts HP from 280 to around 295.   I budgeted around 45K for a new weekend play car - wanted somthing with great performance, good looks, and seating for 4. Looked at the Mercedes CLK 320, Audi TT, the BMW 330. Drove new models of each and came away overwhelmed at the value the G possesses. Was ready to purchase a new one for around 38500 before TTL when I came across the used one on the internet. Overall, this car possesses a unique blend of artful styling, high (but not the highest) performance, and practicality of any car I've owned. The low end torque and stability of this car are most noteworthy, the engine willingly pulls in any gear at any speed. The car handles extremely well and provides great feedback when being pushed hard. I love the engine 'as is' (with modifified exhaust) but am considering a relatively inexpensive mod to the intake to increase HP a notch. Build quality of this copy is excellent, even with 12,000 miles on it there were no rattles or imperfections detected with powertrain or fit / finish. That is - until I discovered exactly how low the front chin spoiler hangs when I drove over a parking curb. I nearly beat myself to death in the parking lot at Kroger's. Only a few complaints or changes I'd make - first, I'm 6'1' and weigh 215 bs so I'm a little larger than average - the side bolsters on the seat are snug for me especially after a lengthy drive. Also, I will probably burn out the seat auto adjustment servos from trying to find that perfect seating position. I get it just right, then my 16 year old son or my wife readjusts it and I have to start the process all over again. Seat memory would be really neat. I absolutely love the ratios of of the 6MT, however I find the shifting process to be high effort. I really have to work to get a 'smooth' start out of first and the tranny requires attention to run up agressively through the gears. It may be driver 'error' but I've owned a Porche 911 and an Alfa Romeo Spider Veloce in the past and had easier times with shifting. Last thing, the road noise in the cabin is pretty high although is due in large part to the 18' Michelin Pilot sport tires. I may try a different brand when I switch out the tires to mitigate this issue.
I love the way the car drive and looks. It is so fun to drive.This is the most expensive car I've ever owned...and it's been the one with the most problems, not significant engine problems, just quirky things like the gas door breaking,noise from the brakes, a belt needing to be replaced, the windows malfunctioning, and now the stereo is holding my cds captive.
Ok, so it's a 2005, and I don't have it yet, but I will in July! I ordered it already and i'm sooooo excited. I got the Athens Blue/ Graphite interior with Pr pkg, and aero pkg. It's going to be my first really nice ride, being that i'm 23. I was set on this car from the moment I saw it. My boyfriend had a Z, and this drives so much better than that. You can never turn a sports car into a luxury car, but you can turn a luxury car into a sports car. This thing has everything! I'm interested to find out if they have indeed got the kinks out of the car that i've read about. So far, I haven't seen anybody with an 05 yet. The bump in HP to 298 is very exciting. I've only test driven the auto, but plan to be even more impressed with the stick. Also plan on putting cool-air intake and exhaust on it, with dust-free brake pads (i'm guessing those are going to help from what i've heard). Once I actually get it, i'm sure i'll have more to write, mostly positives i'm guessing!!! I can't wait!!
This is the first luxury sports car I've owned. It is a pleasure to drive with plenty of power and great handling. I was also amazed how it handled in a torrential down pour on the turnpike. It handled like I was on a dry road. No skidding, slipping or trouble hydroplaning. Styling is a head turner, but its the throaty exhaust that grabs the attention first.
I've had this car for almost a month now and I still look forward to getting home to drive it. I have a 'company car' for work. At 1200 miles in less than a month, this car just makes you want to speed. I got it in pearl white with wheat leather. Only option I got was the spoiler, and I got the 2005 spoiler, the 2006 spoiler looks like the 350Zs' spoiler, in other words 'boring!' Everything else is standard on this, 19' rims, 298 HP is basically all I wanted.
My first experience with Infiniti was with a family member's G35 sedan. After that I was sold to the Infiniti level of comfort/standard options/pricing offered so I bought my own. I have been driving it for a little while and I am not disappointed by this little beauty at all. Basically I have the gray/silver 6MT model (black leather interior) with all bells and whistles including NAV. It drives smoothly, the sound it makes with the 298hp engine is awesome. Obviously the interior is loaded with features and comforts (for a coupe model of course). Infiniti's reliability and resale value is also a definite must. I scored an awesome deal here, considering it's from a dealer and is still under warranty but I would have paid more for this for sure! (Price in CAD).
I would have loved to rate this vehicle highly for what it provides in the way of styling and price. I can't find another vehicle that looks and feels like the G does for the price (exception being the Z). The fit and finish of the vehicle's interior is fantastic and the car's exterior lines catches people's eyes. People taller than 6' beware, it's tight in the drivers seat - my heads sits in the sunroof opening and I'm almost 6'2'. There is a dark lining on this cloud I'm describing however, read on... I have to say that I found out too late that cars based on the VQ35DE engine (REV-UP) motors can be prone to engine knock and/or oil consumption. I don't believe there was too much data out back in 8/06, but I am now seeing many ’06 G35 as well as Z owners complaing of both. Nissan is refusing to stand behind its product and only replacing engines when the owner presses their issues through the BBB or legal action. Given what transpired with the 2006 Altimas, I am not surprised that our engines are defective. The pistons and the rings are the suspects for the G and Z. I will be pursuing this matter with whomever I have to in order to get my G fixed. Recommend pass on Nissan products. 
I bought this car as a replacement for my wife's '93 VW Corrado, which was a super fun car, albeit a bit quirky as it aged. The G35 coupe's stongest suit is it's looks. The car is gorgeous (although the 19 inch wheels could fill the fenders a bit better. It's relatively quick, handles well, has decent brakes and is comfortable. The road noise is fairly significant, but I guess that's what you get with that 40 series tires. The number of standard features for the money is also a strong point. We looked at the '06 BMW 330 (the coupes still aren't out, so we had to settle for an AT sedan), but we couldn't justify the extra cash, even with an overseas military discount.  Now for my biggest beef: the tranny. I haven't driven a car that shifts this poorly since the Chevy Chevette I drove in high school. For a car in the mid to high $30K range from a high end Japananese carmaker, I expected much more. Compare this to any Honda, Toyota or Mazda and it doesn't even come close in smoothness. Some may say it's because it's a 'performance car'... my '89 Porsche 911 shifts better than this thing, so does our '93 Corrado, so did my old '84 Toyota Supra and '79 Celica I had in college. I'm surprised I don't see more negative reports on this. It is getting a little better as we break it in, but it should be much smoother right out of the box. But I digress... Based in Infiniti's reputation of late, I expect above average reliability and resale value.
All is as advertized MPG.You can do better then 23 MPG if driven properly. Power is underrated. Jaguar give a rating about 4.7, 0 to 60. Two Auto Magazines rate the 470hp @ 4.0 & 4.1, 0 to 60mpr. Easy for XJ SuperSport 510hp 0 to 60 under 4.0.
Junk. I am on my third transmission. Overheated several times due to poorly fitting rad caps. Computer won't 'remember' seat settings. Glove compartment doors fits poorly.
The XJ8 is a superb car, my 5th Jaguar and my 1st XJ8. The best Jaguar yet and a bargain used. The all aluminum body makes it light but strong, the 4.2L V8 is silky smooth and the 6-speed autobox gives me an average of 22MPG in mixed driving and over 30MPG on the freeway.   Jaguar still has an undeserved image of unreliability that is totally out of alignment with the truth. As with all modern complex cars, they are expensive to fix and poor maintenance is the main reason why things break. Look after them and don't skimp on the servicing and the car will reward you.   There is another 'review' of an 05 XJ8 that seems bogus. There are no systemic gearbox or overheating problems with the X350 [MY04 onwards in the US]. The poster reports something like 3 gearboxes in 50K miles, which is absurd and not at all in line with reality. Older XJ and S types did have issues with timing chain tensions, thermostat impellors and XF gearboxes. The first 2 issues could be addressed through proactive maintenance and in the case of the gearbox, one could expect about 100k miles before issues started showing up. Since Jaguar considered the gearbox sealed for life, this lead to replacement rather than repair.   Again this is not an issue on an 04+ XJ8 or S-type.  
The XJ series from Jaguar is really something. I decided to take a test drive in a Jaguar XJ8 and I was very pleased with its performance. The sales representative told me about the XJR 100 and it sounded excellent. Two weeks later the car arrived and I took it off the lot. The car has had no problems and looks great. Every time I pull it out of the garage I get compliment after compliment. Jaguar has finally turned around and has made a great car.
Despite glaring weaknesses, a fast, beautifully-styled comfortable sedan. Woth every miserable dollar. Too, it took me cross country TWICE with NO problems at all.
I paid $67k for it new and would recommend this car to anyone who loves automobiles and doesn't require an expansive back seat.  This is a drivers car and will put a smile on your face everytime you fire up that wonderful supercharged V-8!!  In my opnion the best Jaguar, and one of the best sports sedans ever made!!
$68,000.  I would recommend highly.  There are only 1000 of them exported to USA each year so inexpensive for such a rare car.
This is my third Jaguar, all XJ's the first two were 12 cyl. (XJ12 and XJ/S).  So this will be a positive review - no doubt. I was hesitant to accept an 8 cyl. Jaguar, but now that I have it, I'm glad I bought it. (verdict is still not out on the dealer, though). This particular car is a more refined XJ, as compared to the past Jaguar cars I have owned. Power is smooth and quite acceptable, ride is defineately Jaguar. Comfortable leather seating for four adults, no wind noise, climate control, need I say more.
 The jag is sheer elegance on wheels.  Lots of great wood and the best  scented leather compared to other cars in its class along with the regal interior retain the contemporary classic status. It is a Joy to drive. The Engine actually purrs and the transmission is as smooth as silk, as is the suspension.   Unfortunately,    wind noise is  uncomfortable above 100kph, and serious driving could impart a feeling of literally blowing away. Still, to an extent this is compensated by the Oozing of old world charm and appeal which only other british cars at much higher prices can offer. Contrary to belief this car is not to be cheuffer driven with practicality as the rear seating is the worst in its class by far. Leg space does not make up for coupe size rear seats. I find this car is suitable to be driven like a coupe, because it feels like one, low, sleek and not spacious. Although i rate it at 5 stars on value, I would not buy it again except in super v 8 format with the rear bucket seats. But then the price is almost double and the value is in question. 
The finest automobile I have ever owned.  Something just a little different than everyone and their brother with a Benz or BMW.  Without question the best combination of performance, luxury and ride that I have experienced.
Luxury beats Porshe & Corvette? Awesome! This car is a thrill! 
this car is for anyone who wants a luxury car and afford it, it has the lucury image of a rolls and now has the actual potential to live up to that image whats not to love
In think you got my opinion.
I leased the Jaguar for two years, at the end of the lease the price of the car will be $30,000.  For $30,000 its a great car. The car new costs $56,000.  For that kind of money you would be better off with the smaller Mercedes E Class or the BMW 740.  Hats off to Ford for turning Jaguar around.
The best of the world where technology is a neccesity.
Wow go fast and look good.  This is a great car, a good alternative to M5, E55, Lexus, etc....   Everybody has those cars, if you want to stand out from the crowd this car has it all.
I have owned 3 previous Jags and this is the finest made. I have had no problems with it and the dealer service has been second to none. It is a very exciting car and I only hope that the new model in 2003? is not made much larger.This car is ideal for the successful businessman as it is not ostentacious yet very elegant. I find my clients appreciate my taste in cars and it creats the right image from day 1.It is also what is called a sleeper the cops dont realise how fast it is!!!
unbelieveable ride, performance and comfort. when you pull up in this big cat, watch the heads turn. i do not think i will ever buy, mercedes, lexus, or bmw. this car will move with the best of them at 290 hp. lots of room in the back seat for three full size adults. the servicing is every 10,000 which is excellent. the dealer bends over backwards to see that everything is fine. loaner car also. i had a 95 xj6 vdp, but the head room and back seat were not good. i looked at the q45 and 740il, but my heart was into the big cat. my wife likes it because it seems everyone has a bimmer,lexus or mercedes and she feels exclusive to have the big cat that will scat.
You really have to drive this rocket to experience the rush it provides a person. If you have to rob a bank to own one, start planning your heist now. This is the sweetest ride I have ever enjoyed. I thought people were looking at the beautiful woman in the passenger seat, while all along they were gawking at the elegance of the Coventry Cat.
(1998 Model) - The best of British
Jaguars problems have not changed.  The image of a luxary car that needs its own full time mechanic is true.  I have owned the XJ6 for less than one year, extremely low mileage, and the car has been nothing but a headache.  It has broken down five times n less than a year.  Twice with young children traveling.  I woul never recommend this car as dependable for a family.
I have had this car for a little over a year now and I have to say that I like it more and more all the time , it is reliable it accelerates fast and has great brakes too, the positraction keeps it straight in snow and all the gadgets (front windshield heating elements) work well, the wooden steering wheel feels great and the sound system sound nice too. The wooden rear seat trays come in handy. My wife loves the exterior look and compared to other cars in this class I think the Jaguar is the most elegant.  I recommend this as a great used car (because they`re bargains)
After having owned '81 XJ6 in the mid-1980s, I vowed to get another someday in the future. having been impressed with the ride quality and style. In the 3 years I had it, I never had to call a tow truck &the newer Mercury Sable I replaced it with was more expensive to own over the long run. The future arrived a couple of months ago when I found the '96 VDP at a nearby car lot. For the $13.5K I paid, what other car can offer the luxury and head-turning appeal for that kind of money? The dealer offered a 36 month bumper-to-bumper warranty for $1300 (at a mechanic or shop at my choice) that helped seal the deal.
I always loved this car which we offered to ourselves for my 40. I have three young children and they like the car as well. My spouse just loves it more than me. I drive it for 4 years and have not one repair or incident. It just looks as brand new. Even when you look at the engine, though it has 120,000 kms, it is clean of dust. I ask to a garage specialized in collection cars to handle the maintenance (Jaguar is too expensive). Low value when used car (which is good for the buyer, not for the seller).
was scared to death at 1st purchase of xj12 based on horror stories heard. those must be from the 60's and 70's.i've never had a more reliable car and now i've had three. incredible power and top end.great growl.loose over 130 but how often do u do that?? nice to dust big benz's and bmw's considering how arrogant those owners are.jag owners very down 2 earth despite contrary reputation. nothing feels like driving a jag.
Wonderful used luxury car buy! The Supercharged XJR6 engine has to be tried to be believed... this kitty can really growl. Sporty, but luxurious ride; great road handling and driver feedback. Lots of compliments on the classic and classy looks of this automobile; a real head turner. Right at home in both city and highway driving. A real joy to own and drive.
I bought a low mileage XJR in as-new condition. It has amazing power, and allows you to drive way too fast in complete safety. However, the sport suspension and  oversize tires make slow-speed driving and driving in snow difficult. Since it travels so fast with very low revs, there is no braking effect from lifting the foot from the throttle. For anyone over 6' the driver access requires you to enter and exit like Lady Di in a mini-skirt. I think a XJ8 VDP would be a better buy, since I now prefer comfort to performance. But it's a Jag, and I cant help loving it.
One of the greatest cars on the road. I own my Jaguar for almoust 6 years (April 1996 with 14,000 miles) and I never feel a need to replaced with Mercedes or BMW. Car has 74000 miles and all original parts except for tires and filters. So far only regular maintenance done by dealer.
A great used car buy because car depreciates so fast. Reliable, powerful, and a great riding car. What a difference from the old jags!
Jaguar has come a long way in recent years. Their quality has improved quite a bit from the 'old days' of needing to hire your own personal mechanic.The 1994 year XJ6 was the last year before Ford/Jaguar re-designed just about everything for the 1995 model year. Therefore, my 1994 is....well...mediocre. It's better than the earlier 1990s, since Ford had a few years to tweak things here and there on the original Jaguar design.At $19,000 for a brand-new looking luxury car, I can't complain too much. Way, way, way less expensive than shelling out the $55K some poor fool did when it was new -and- I probably get just as many compliments!
Nearing the end of my 3rd year with the V12 version of the XJ series. The words 'I love this car' are wholly inadequate for describing my feelings toward the XJ12 and Jaguars in general. While the car is not trouble free, It tends to leak various colored fluids from time to time and the 12 cylinder engine requires more maintenance than the 6 or 8 cylinder versions, the car is the most satisfying automobile I have ever owned. In addition a poor reputation from the 1980s means Jaguars of today have a very low resale value. Bad for the original owner but excellent for the seond hand buyer. BUY A USED JAG! There is not a better deal in the used luxury market.     Its nearing 10 years old but I get looks and comments every time I take her out. The car has never broken down, never failed to start, never skipped a beat, just small annoyances like flaky CD changer, oil drips, and the like.
Bloody moaners....  I bought this vehicle against the advice of my nearest and dearest, 'It'll cost a fortune to run' 'what's it like on fuel' 'why don't you get something practical'.   The usual, why get something practical when you there's a perfectly good addage out there; 'If you wanna buy a car buy a Jag, it's got a nice back seat for a .....    Anyway, taking this in mind (well the first bit at any rate), I bought a fairly old used Jaguar (127k mls), now it has provided me with 8 months a calm, uniterrupted driving pleasure. Needs basic checks (maintenance free cars; HA!), once a fortnight and it runs a treat. Nice power (0-60 ~8s, 0-100 ~20s) from a (slightly rough) auto trans, and perfect cruising at 50 through to 90mph. Corners like a blacmange though, like most vehicles of it's weight (2.3tns).  However, it must be said, take it into a Jag dealer, and waits for you wallet to scream, VFM is an alien concept.  If anything serious goes wrong, there would be trouble ($$$). But whilst the sky is blue, these old vehicles provide serious serious Value.  Leather, Air Con, Cruise, 4 point Jag music, Electric everything and 200BHP for around $3k.......what else?
I love the ride of this car, but it has some serious problems with noise and has virtually no ac for back passengers even if you fully close the front ac vents. This dealer service person said that the ac vents in the back where for decoration only!  Also asked if there were any other cars out their that had good ac for it's passenger!  Hello(Mercedes, Lexus, BMW etc.)  Houston dealer treats customers below standard.  This is a driver's car, and customers should not have to lease their car from a Leasing company when car is in the shop.  Moral to this story, if you have a family or you will be riding with customers in the back seat, do not buy this car.  If you are a driver, buy a sporty 2 seat version and have fun!
I would recomend this car only to people who truly appreciate the driving experience. This car commands respect and owner loyalty, which it gets as soon as you put in some seat time. I cannot believe I spent so much time in a Lexus when this car was available. Dealer service is also incredable. 
Despite glaring weaknesses, a fast, beautifully-styled comfortable sedan. Woth every miserable dollar. Too, it took me cross country TWICE with NO problems at all.
Overall, this is the Jaguar i will always treasure the most of the eleven Jags I have owned so far. By a hairsbreadth, this one is the best looking and the most exciting to date!
This car is luxury moving.  You don't drive this vehicle in the conventional sense, you more like move through space (and not much time due to its speed).  It's a whole new plane of getting from A to B.  Things you would be thinking about when driving other vehicles simply don't trifle the Jaguar driver.  However, when you send it through a nice high speed bend this Jaguar really grips and rockets through.  The engine noise (when pushed) sounds thoroughbred- not raucous but like an aluminum hand in a connolly glove.  This car satisfies whatever you feel like experiencing at the moment.  Rented it from DIA Hertz.  Good way to get renters hooked on Jags...
Saw this car in the showroom and thought 'WOW'. Not only do I think the car is beautiful, I get positive comments all the time. The elegant interior makes me feel great every time I get in. Performance is terrific. The torque in this jewel is incredible. Road feel and ride are very good. Down side is the seating is not comfortable for someone 6 feet tall. I have gotten used to it, but it is cramped. My right leg regularly hits the parking brake and the keys hanging from the ignition. It's bothersome. However, the 'Fun Factor' of this car is very very good. Although I wouldn't lease another one, I'm glad I have driven this car for the last three years. I just saw the new 1994 XJR model. This one looks far better.
$71,000 loaded. I would recomend this car to anyone that wants performance, luxury, style and heads to be turned.
Car is fine as far as it goes. My issue however is that Lexus (and Toyota, their parent does the same thing) has the navigation system disabled for most features whenever the car is moving.  This may sound like a good idea until you consider that:  1. The car is not theirs to tell me how to use it.  2. My $500 Garmin Nuvi doesn't have these restrictions at 1/4 the price.  3. A passenger can safely operate the system while in motion had they left it enabled.  I have details along with a collection of comments from users at: www.jeffsstuff.com/blog  Please, before buying a Lexus or Toyota with a navigation system, ask yourself if it is worth it. For me, it is not.  Had Lexus been honest with me and disclosed this limitation before the sale, I never would have bought the nav system and probably not bought the car. Their competitors don't treat their customers like children!
There are definite frustrating transmission problems with the driving of this car. Jerking, long changing of gears, etc. There is some computer malfunction, I am told. While the agency repair people are sympathetic, they say these problems are inherent to the model and they can't fix them. They told me that Lexus knows about them. With a name like Lexus, it's a shame I can't have a pleasureable ride.
OK, I didn't buy the car...yet. My wife is going to go back to the dealership and get the thing tomorrow (the same wife that wanted a Lincoln LS...yuck!!). I drove the ES 330 this morning and was not impressed in the least. I will admit that the motor and transmission are both very good and work well together. However, the horsepower should be higher and other detractions cannot be ignored at this price. The suspension is spongy, it soaks up the first bump well but cannot handle multiple road corduroy. I know this car is for luxury and not sport handling, but there has to be a better compromise than this. Does the word land yacht ring a bell? The thing reminded me of my parent's old Buick. The seats are comfortable but other sedans that I have drive offer seats that are every bit as good for $10K less. The amenities on our test model didn't have heated seats and the ergonomics weren't up to the level of the Honda Accord. You get the picture. The bottom line is that this ES 330 does not provide much bang for the buck. It looks like and drives like what it is, a tarted up Toyota Camry. But for those out there that are satisfied to have Lexus written across their car, this one will do as well as any I suppose.
Had transmission issues since day one. Brought car in for transmission 'fix', but it had no effect on performance. Avoid getting rear spoiler on car as there are no hydraulics on trunk & it causes trunk to slam shut with the slightest touch. This major problem was reported to dealer because of the high risk to anyone leaning into trunk, however, they stated there is nothing they can do. Right now I am searching for another vehicle even though I have owned this car for less than 1 year.
Beautiful car! My first Lexus and I hope I'll never have to drive any other car.
Very reliable at 150,000 miles.  No major problems except for normal repair such as replacing the timing belt and radiator.
I have owned a Lexus ES300 for more than 8 years now.  I am still amazed at times as to how well the vehicles still rides, how it still handles and how much value that I've gotten out of it.  Approaching almost 170,000 miles, nothing but normal maintenance has been involved and it is still sweet.   Now I've seen a picture of the 2002 Lexus and I must say, except for the rear end, it is going to be 'cookin' with gas' as my mother would say.  However, it will have to be sizzling before I'd be willing to take a very good, paid off '92 ES300 and trade it in for this hot new model.
I have to highly recommend this vehicle.  I've had lots of cars and can't bear the thought of going to any other manufacturer.Toyota knows their customer and deserves to own this market.  I'll post another update at 200k and 300k miles.  So far all I've paid for are tires, brakes,gas and oil.
I LOVE THIS CAR!  Any lexus that you can buy for almost under $10,000 is worth it. The body style might be a little out dated, but it is still cute and luxurious, and who really cares because the interior makes up for any exterior flaw. Whoever said that the lexus is nothing more than a done up Camry has obviously never driven both of the two cars. Perfect luxury car for a teenager who cant wait to break into the lexus market of high dollar sedans!  If you can find one, (they are kind of hard to come by), BUY IT!!!
I paid $20k a couple of years ago with 57k on the clock. It still has warranty left on it now at 90k. It's been a great car with few problems.  All the expensive (but relatively minor) problems were fixed for free at the dealer. There's no question I'll buy Lexus again because it's a hassle free car and the warranty has saved me a few thousand dollars.
I think ES400 is better, just for wide room and bright light.Experienced to drive ES300 luxury,but when I become conscious I am driving Lexus ES300 as same as old people are driving Lexus ES300 on the street.I knew a good car wouldn't evaluate under the age or name of the brand.Many, many, many other better cars still run in Japan and still don't come to the United State yet. 
The Toyota Camry it is a nice car O wait I mean Lexus ES300 it's so easy to confuse them sorry. (Just a joke) Ok I drive a Cadillac Catera and I was trying to decide between a Lexus Es300 and the Catera and I drove both 3 sperate times. I found the Lexus suspension was a bit soft and floaty and steering wasnt very responsive. Dont get me wrong Toyota builds a fine car but one thing that got me was the Fact its a rebadged Camry and look Identical. And yes I know the Catera is based on the European Opel Omega. The Catera rides a bit firm but with a good set of tires you can say good bye Beemers when it comes to a sharp turn yes the handling is that good and once you put on strut bars and sway bars forget no one can touch you. well back to the lexus it rides like a dream, comfy seats, decent stereo but the Catera's Bose system and HID lights and 12 disc changer and single slot cd up front really take it to the lexus. I did like the lexus for it elegeny style its subtle but I kinda like it, its hard to explain it just is a sharp looking car.
Great Car, Enjoyed all the Luxury - Sound System, Power Seats, Leather, Moon Roof etc etc... but it did not handle well enough, so I took out the standard 15' Wheels and put IS300's 17 inch wheels.  Now I can do quick corners and always stay in lane even at high speeds.  And it's a lot of fun to drive.  No problems at all, very reliable. 
I just got my ES300 for a 17th birthday gift and I love it. I don't know the car totally well yet, so I can't really give a fair judgement, but as of now it's an incredible car to drive, at least compared to what I was driving before, which was one of my parent's Lincoln Town Cars. It's very fun to drive on short trips and around the city, but it wouldn't be my first chioce on long trips(100 miles or more)..
My first lex and i love it. Excellent ride great style I want to get a newer lex perhaps a gs300 something a little bigger than my es 300
My comments concern the octane grade of gasoline to be used in my 2002 ES300. As I shopped for a new Lexus, I was told by no less than 2 dealers that regular grade gasoline can be used. I was trading in a Cadillac with a Northstar engine and was happy to know I could get away from the premium pump if I bought a new Lexus. Then after purchasing, I started reading my owner's manual and, lo and behold, it recommends 91 octane or higher. So I called my salesman, explaining that it was the first fill-up since driving out of the showroom. He said, 'Oh, use 89 octane. That's what we recommend!'     So now I have taken my car in for the first 1,000-mile check-up (which happens to be at yet a 3rd dealer), and the technician servicing my car tells me he notices I have used the wrong lower octane gas. The technician explained the high performance engine in my Lexus requires 91 or even 93 octane in order to perform properly. While waiting for the 1,000-mile check-up, I walk into that dealer's showroom and ask the same question, 'What grade gasoline can be used in these cars?' The salesman again says, 'We recommend 89 octane.' That's when I tell the salesman what the manual says and what his technicians out in the repair bays are telling us. He is shocked.    Apparently, I have been duped, along with everyone else that buys a new ES300. Premium gas is required and recommended by the manufacturer, but the dealers in the showrooms are lying to the customers and not telling them.
This car is really beautiful inside and out (except for kinda dull wheels). Unfortunately, the mechanicals do not seem to be what I expect in a Lexus! I also have the same transmission problems as others reviewed on this website, along with some additional problems.    Quite often, when trying to take off slowly with the car; it pauses as if it isn't quite in gear. Then, all at once the car will lock in and surge forward!    This behavior not only jerks around myself and passengers, but also makes moving into traffic a bit interesting.    The car will also develop a significant shutter when traveling a steady speed of 50MPH of so. This is also pretty jerky, but much harder to recreate.    My ES300 currently has about 22,000 miles on it, and drives like a car with about 100,000 on it. The tires are making significant noise on the highway, and passing from 40MPH or so is a real joke.    Like others on this site, I am very dissatisfied with the car and will also be pursuing the Lemon Law.    I've been trying to get this problem fixed from the time I purchased it in October 2001.
The 2002 ES300 Lexus is a very nice car to look at and has some nice features.  When you get into the car and drive it you realize it has major transmission and shifting problems.  It will almost die when you accelerate to move into lanes.  I had 3 passengers in the car on the freeway when traffic caused a slow down, when I pressed on the gas to keep up with the flow the transmission would not engage for a moment, just long enough to make all in the car wonder if we were going to be hit by another car. It freightened all in the car. That is just one of the near misses that I have had with this car.    What a disappointment this car is.  The dealer says be patient they are working on a fix. The company knows there is a problem. They even sent the Japanese over here to check on it. But in the meantime I am afraid to drive my car.  I am going to pursue the lemon law.
The Lexus Bubble has Burst   My 2002 ES300 has had transmission problems from the time (Oct 2001) it was purchased.   The new 5 speed has a computer design flaw which of which every owner should be aware. If you are driving 40-45 mph and need to accelerate quickly, (for example merging or trying to move away from a 18 wheeler) the transmission disconnects from 5th or 4th but delays engaging 3rd gear. The engine revs to the red line, the computer cuts off gas at this point and you are sitting with no power until third finally engages.    I consider this a MAJOR SAFETY defect. I have demonstrated this to the dealer on several new cars on the lot and have seen other on line complaints for the same problem; it is a problem in all of these cars.   The responses from Lexus:   a. (Oct) you must be using the wrong gas   b. (Dec) you are at fault; the computer records your driving pattern and sets shift points accordingly   c. (Jan) The chief technician in Memphis rides with me, aknowleges the problem and we both send a written notice to Lexus   d. (Feb. March) Lexus is aware of the problem and is working to solve it,   e. (April) The new computer program must get EPA approval; it will take three months   f. (Now) No news, Now Lexus has not admiited there is a defect after all; Lexus complaint service consists of young people hired to read responses written for them and have no real knowledge of the car.   These respones mirror corporate America at its worst. Lexus is no better than any car company when there are problems.   If you own a 2002 ES300 check your transmission response under these conditions and drive in a way to avoid them.
I wanted the E320 Mercedes, but it was extremely pricy. This is my first luxury vehicle and I'm very pleased with my selection. I'm most pleased with the Mark Levinson Sound System, the GPS Navigation System, and the luxurious interior of the vehicle. The Navigation system is a must have. This is the one option I grew to have an appreciation for immediately. It's easy to use and impossible to get lost. This is not a sports car and it will definitely let you know that. I only wish, Lexus wouldn't have made the Toyota Camry look like this car. In any event, it is truly a much better car. With all the optional bells and whistles I have, this car is unbeatable in it's class.
To the guy who believes the navigation cannot be used while the car is moving. I got news Mr. Dummy there is a setting for that just like your Garmin has.
I absolutely love this vehicle! Never exprienced a ride so smooth. If a complaint...the transmission isn't the best. It has ths 'jerking' problem that can't seem to be remedied. Other than that, everything is great.
always in the market for future new car, thanks to all the bad press about the tranmissions in the 300es lexus i will have to pass on this make of car. If I'm going to pay 35K for a car I expect a perfect trans. oh and by the way infiniti is a really under rated car. if you want class, value, service, reliablilty, hauls ass. look no further!!!!!!!!!!
Although I like the styling and comfort of this car, I am disappointed with the loud clunk and groaning noise made when the anti-lock brakes engage. It sounds like I have run over a garbage can.
apart from the absolutely incredible exterior, the interior is extremely organized, elegant, with a great sound system for those who like to listen to a little something while going out for a drive. Top of the line leather , excellent finish. i must also mention the sleek head lights, which beam xenon blue lights.
Ok well I think that LEXUS Should really get over there style on this ES300 I mean what's up with the same style for 5 years? Come on I think they could put a sportier look on this car to atleast go head to head with the Acura TL i mean 200hp to 210? Thats the big deal? No! This car should atleast have 230 or 240 hp and this car needs a huge boost on its engine and they should stick with the front wheel drive but overall i think the car is really good i mean i know many owners who had there ES300 for years and theres this one guy who has a 1997 ES300 with 110,000 miles i mean this car is good for that but for 2003 they need a new face lift and MORE i mean MORE HP!!! And a bigger engine...
Have had it for three months now and have 3,800 miles on it. Very pleased with the car. Exceeds our expectations. The Coach option includes HID headlights, walnut steering wheel and dash trim, heated seats, special 16' alloy wheels, special leather and a beautiful $500 Coach Cabin Bag. Sound system is great (standard system). 
What a great car!  Superb fit and finish, decent power and handling, perfectly layed out interior with just the right blend of luxury and functionality and (most importantly) very quiet while in motion.      2001 was the last year before the redesign that you see heavily advertised on TV these days.  I prefer my 2001 even though there are more advanced features available on the 2002.    The ES300 for 2001 was loosely based on the Toyota Camry; at the same time, there are noticable differences between the 2001 ES300 and the 2001 Toyota Camry (e.g., Lexus has frameless windows and the Camry has framed windows; the lines of the two cars are markedly different).  The 2002 ES300 and Camry are practically identical in appearance.
The Lexus ES300 is an excellent value. It is incredibly reliable, like most Toyotas. Despite popular chat from auto enthusiasts and armchair 'experts' who merely monkey what they have read or heard, this is not a Camry in a different body. Biggest complaint is cruise control losing memory below 20 MPH. Toyota drivers will be acclimated to this; drivers of other cars who depend on or use cruise control frequently will be frustrated. Considering this is the biggest complaint, it is a wonderful car. If this is the nicest car you've owned, you'll feel like you have arrived. If you want a sports sedan, this ISN'T your car. The ES300 has good pickup and takes freeway onramps with muscle, but it isn't a sports car. The handling is too cushy, the steering too loose, and the horsepower too low for a sports car. This car achieves its goal very well. If you want a sports sedan, look into an Audi S4 or nicer BMW 3 Series. 
As a sports sedan the ES 300 does not quite cut it, when you consider it has the A4 and 330i for competition. The engine is woefully underpowered, and the transmission seems to have a mind of its own. It takes a second or two before the wheels start responding to increased throttle. The suspension does not have that solid-glued-to-the-ground feel, and the car often nose-dives when you corner sharply. The redeeeming factor is its interior which is gorgeous. The front dashboard is thoughtfully laid out, and Lexus's stereo is tyhe best that I have heard in a car yet. I hear the 02 ES 300 gets the Mark Levinson, which should be a substantial improvement. On smooth roads the ride is eirely quiet, but take this car over a bumpy road and the tire noise is very audible.    If you're looking for a sports sedan, the IS 300 is a better bet. However if you're looking for a family sedan that will probably last for a decade, then the ES 300 may be the car for you.   
The most trouble-free car I've ever owned. I love my 2001 ES300 so much that I am buying a 2003 GS300 Sports edition tomorrow.
This car is GREAT. I bought it in San Francisco for the price of a Hyundai Sonata. But I still miss my Honda S2000.
everything about this car is wonderful. i think if you are willing to pay $30,000+ on a car. it should be a Lexus ES 300. its worth the price you pay for it......and if you ever take your car into the dealer and they'll need to keep it overnight. they'll even give you a Lexus Loaners Car to use.....now, how good is that?
The ES300 isn't worth a dime.  My '91 Caddy blows it away in every area, including reliability.  130k miles, and no problems on the Caddy.  Guess I didn't really need to buy the new Lexus after all.  I already had the world.  Hope the Lexus never bones itself, as I don't want to pay $7000 for an engine.
Yes, I would recommend it for a couple that want's a auto for travel.  
These are not inexpensive vehicles, but they are very high quality vehicles and dealer service is the best. The interior enhancements on the Platinum Series version take the ES to a little higher level. The HID headlamps are super at night and the Nakamichi Stereo is a nice upgrade, although the standard system is excellent. I would recommend the ES-300 to anyone. You will enjoy this car while driving it, washing it, and waxing it and you will be surprised at its resale value when you are ready to buy the next one!
I think if your lookin at a Honda Accord EX V-6 you should look at this car because its soooooo much better then the Accord or Camry for the same price.
Have all the extra's plus I tinted the windows and it looks great.  Have been getting compliments on a daily basis.  It is a bit pricey at $35K but if you are willing to pamper  yourself give this car a try!
This car is a blast to drive and a great value.  Got the leather trim, sunroof, 6 CD-Changer and blue ellipsoid lighting.  Great power at 210 hp and just really easy to drive.  The mineral green metallic really pops.  I'd highly recommend this car to anyone looking for a great 4-dr sedan with some styling.
There is a lot to like with the Lexus ES300.  Unfortunately, the amount of tire/suspension noise I have experienced and the squeaks/rattles have ruined the new car experience for me.  I would not be happy with the same  amount of tire/suspension noise and rattles/squeaks in any new car, particularly a car in the mid $30K's range.  If you drive on all relatively smooth roads, you will probably love the ES300.  If you commute on choppy or bumpy roads, test drive the ES300 on these roads before you buy.  All the roads near the dealer I purchased my car from were in fine shape.  If I had test driven the car on the roads I use, I never would have purchased the ES300.  I did use a 99 ES300 loaner car when my car was in for service.  The loaner car's ride (on the same roads) was smoother, the amount of tire/suspension noise less, and the handling better than my 2000 Platinum Series.  I have not had the opportunity to drive another Platinum Series on the same roads.  Therefore, I do not know if my experience is unique to my car, or if I would have the same experience with any 2000 Platinum Series.  Bottom line - test drive on the roads you normally use, not the normal test drive route.
I only test drove this car but I really enjoyed driving it.I am looking to buy a car in the spring and I just started looking. I am going to look at the Volvo & Infinity.I like the look of the lexus the best.
I think this is a great car. I like the wood trim. I don't like the regular edition because of the steering wheel. No wood on it at all, makes the car look dull. I think the Lexus ES300 drives well. It is a very reliable car... It has a nice sound system and drives well at 100mph.
Many criticize the Lexus ES300 as being a 'guised-up Camry', but really, what's wrong with that?? The Camry has an excellent reputation for reliability, and quality, it looks good (for 2000 anyway) and its quiet. The ES300 has all of these qualities, but even extends on them. The suspension on the Camry is a little too firm, but the ES300 corrects that problem. With the Millennium edition, the interior is gorgeous (black leather with bird's eye maple wood trim) The car can get pricey though, and its a little tight in the rear seating area....but still a wonderful car
I owned a BMW before this and I thought I was stepping up.  I year later, I truly am dissappointed.  This is nothing more than a Toyota Camry.  I am not impressed at all.  Please think twice before buying this car.  I've seen a lot more quality in the german models.
A lot of people are comparing this car to some sports models.  This is NOT a sports car.  It is a quiet, comfortable, smooth-riding entry-level luxury car.  If you're looking for a car with a stiff suspension sports feel, this is not the car for you.  I love my ES 300.  Like my Maxima GLE(Maxima SE for the sports car lovers). I chose this car for the soft ride. One complaint enthusiast have is the soft ride.  If it were up to Car & Driver, Motor Trend and Road & Track, all cars would be peeling out from 0-60 in 5 seconds or less or cornering like Nascar racers.  7.6 seconds is fine with me.  If you want the stiffer sports ride in this class, buy the IS 300, BMW 3 series, Infiniti I30T or Acura 3.2 TL Type S (all excellent cars - I've test driven most of them).  But if you like a smooth luxurious feel, then you'll love the ES 300.  When I was shopping for a new car, it came down to a 97 Acura 3.5 RL or the 99 Lexus ES 300.  There were several reasons that I chose the Lexus.  1. Better exceleration and smoother transmission.2. Quieter cabin and ride.3. Insurance quote was higher for the Acura than the Lexus4. Better certification (3 year-100K from my time of purchase over Acura's 62.5K from original time of purchase)5. High quality, no hassle sales staff over Acura's lack-a-daisy, pushy sales staff.6. Better over all service at the dealer. (Leather couches and several choices of coffee or tea :)7. Regular gas over the 3.5's required premium fuel.8. Just a great riding car!!!At 30+ years old, I should care less about the complements and stares I get from driving this car, but it is fun.  I'm used to the stares because my other car is a Mazda Miata.  MSN's Carpoint rates the ES300 the best value for overall performance for cars 6 years and older.  In fact, most all Lexus' are on the list.  The ES 300 is a great car and a good value.  
Not as good as lexus claims. Reliabilty is not good and the handling is not even close to BMW or Benz. Will be trading in this car soon.
Overall, a very refined, quality feeling car.  
I found the car a very refined presentation in or out.  You can expect every single bit of tranditional Lexus workmanship on the car.  The car offers alot of gadgets, such as auto light control, dual heated seats, windows controlled by your key, etc. that makes it a fun car to drive.  Power is good, and the car has great visibility.  The only real weakness I found with the car is that the interior is very small.  The headroom is bad especially if you have a moonroof.
smooth, smooth, smooth. This car is amazingly smooth and very quiet. Road noise? what road? When i first purchased it the car idled so quietly i thought it stalled. i have looked at many different vehicles in the near luxury/sport sedan class, and next to the BMW 3-series it has no equal. everyone that sees it thinks its a new car. This baby runs like the first day it was driven off the lot.
Very nice car to own. Since I'm 21, I would rather own a BMW 3 series. I love the smooth ride, leather, comfortable seats, and the great reliability! I would definitely buy another Lexus. 
Great car but needs more work in certain areas.  I don't think that Lexus is sweating as many of the details as they should be, at least in their entry level model.
Learned my lesson: Test drive before you buy. 
Engineering and design is not at the level of Benz or BMW.
Anyone who is seeking a quiet, comfortable, smooth riding, highly reliable, quality vehicle with a touch of performance would like this vehicle. In addition, the treatment rendered by the dealer is top notch. 
 Finally, I still think this Lexus is the best car. I had not a single problems since I bought this car Sep 99. Even though, I knew that new models were coming out soon. Well,what can I say? I just love this car so much though~!
Won't spend another red cent at the dealer. I think I just got a bad apple and they won't admit it..
This car is a classy car to drive although it sometimes lacks in the performance area.  Although still probably the benchmark for its class which doesnt include performance entry level luxury automobiles such as the BMW 3-series, Lexus needs to add options such as nav system to the ES that are included in the TL and I-30 which are not to far behind.
This car cost me around $30k it's a nice car but if I can turn back time I would not buy the ES300 and I would not recommend it to my friends.I would perfer the Acura TL over the ES300 because alost everything is standard and it costs less.
Overall, my favorite car to drive compared to a 1999 Acura 3.2TL and a 1996 Lexus LS400.  I just like the ES300 more in terms of performance and comfort.  As mentioned above, almost everything is either good or great about this car.  My only complaint is that there is no factory in-dash CD player, although I have installed a Sony 10 disk changer in mine, which cost me a total of $250, compared to the dealers cost of $1000.  This car is absolutely fabulous.  I would buy one in each color if I had the resources to do so.
I would most definitely recommend this automobile to friends and family. I feel very secure and important in this vehicle since I get alot of looks in it. I also purchased my vehicle from a local auction and saved well over 6 grand than what the dealers are asking, but thats the advantage of having friends in high places. Service for this car is rather expensive. I took it in for a 45000 mile checkup (oil, tranny check, wipers, etc) and it cost me over $500 dollars. Service personel very friendly and helpful, but they should be for the cost. 
I hate it! The car was marketed as a sports sedan to match the 328 and C280--it is not! The car is too underpowered and the engine stinks. It is quiet but lacks spunk and does not know how to rev or accelerate like a true sports sedan. The power band is narrow--the car takes a while to pick up and then poops out quickly when it is accelerating--the BMW 328,on the other hand, jumps with rapid acceleration and seems to accelerate for ever while you step on the gas pedal. The ride is also soft and boat like and not at all firm and solid. The front wheel drive is the dead giveaway--it understeers like crazy and you cannot turn corners at high speeds like its German rivals--one does not get the feeling that the car can turn corners at 40mph and yet stay glued to the ground and true to the course. The transmission also does not resemble a sports sedan. It takes too long to downshift at highway speeds and therefore takes too long to pick up speed when one tries to overtake other cars. The other true sports sedans always seem to have an easier time revving and overtaking than the ES 300. The car is truely just a sedan--it is quiet, reliable, comfortable and luxurious but it is also absolutely boring and unexciting. It drives just like a fancy Camry. By the way, I just traded it in for a Mercedes CLK 320 and the difference is night and day--the CLK costs more but is worth every penny more. I absolutely love it and I ain't ever looking back at another non European 'sports' sedan! 
32000
This car is the best car in its class, It has also turned me in to an x-bmw fan, they are expencive and a pain to service.  On the other hand lexus has #1 service and awesome resale value.The car is fast and smoothe, a deadly combination. I plan on keeping the car at 120k, i already 60k and it drives like new,hey it even smells new! My next car will also be a lexus unless ford buys toyota and then i guess i will have to get a bus pass or start walking.
I bought this car as a certified vehicle with 22,000 miles. It has 55,600 miles today. The only things I have done to keep this car up is regular oil changes, new tires, and new wipers.   The car is fully loaded including optional GPS.   The only problems I have had are is from the dealer- I had them mount and rotate my new tires and rims, and they chipped my rims.
Just to inform others Lexus does not make Toyota, Toyota makes Lexus. LEXUS ES300 is the same car as the TOYOTA CAMRY V6 they are built on the same drivetrain and they use same engine (V6 models) so please stop saying it looks too much like a camry IT IS A CAMRY except you pay $10000 or more for the name. So next time you buy a ES300 or fully loaded camry XLE V6 think about it you get pretty much the same cars but one guy has more than $10000 dollars in his pockets to spend shopping at the mall.
This car is the best I can find. I'm an arthritic grandad and want a smooth, comfortable, QUIET car. The Lexus looks beautiful inside and out and I love the smoothness and quality. In traffic I drive in 4th gear rather than 5th and the transmission seems to behave better; more certain downshift when I accelerate quickly.Could be a bit more responsive though, but the car is for us oldies, not for young bucks and it behaves accordingly.
After driving European sedans for the last 7 years, I bought the ES 300 because I was getting tired of all the repair bills on my 1999 Saab 9-5 (about $4000 in repairs over the last six months of ownership). The ES 300 is a much more refined car than the Saab. The engine is powerful but very quiet. I am very impressed with the transmission and have had none of the sudden acceleration stalling problems that others have noted. There is considerably less road noise than in the Saab. The seats are even more comfortable than the Saab's (which are quite good also). Handling is a bit different, but the ES 300's steering is still quick and responsive. The ES 300 also has much less body roll than the Saab. The only problems I've had so far have been rattles inside the car, which stand out more than in other cars because there is so little road and engine noise inside the cockpit. The dealer takes noise problems very seriously and has eliminated them all. I'm very pleased with the dealer experience so far. The Saab had a few features that are missing on the ES 300, but overall I'm very pleased and trust that I will spend considerably less time and money on repairs.
$38,789 includes tax. In summary, I am very happy. I really like the Mark Levinson Audio / GPS system. The sound is remarkeable and the GPS is very useful and easy to use. Be sure you like that kind of thing, and ask yourself if you get along with electronic toys/gadgets before spending the xtra $.    I'm confused on the transmission. When consciously trying to repeat the steps that others have described I have noticed unpredicteable behaviour but only when REALLY trying, not through the normal course of my driving habits.    I am 33 and a pretty mellow driver, using mostly for commutes. At times when I'm in a 'Mood' I like to blow everyone away or beat a Semi when using the on-ramp. When you need xtra power it's there and it's adequate, but it's not an excitement machine, and I'm thankful I knew that before I bought.    One thing I'm a bit disgruntled about is the Vehicle Skid Control (VSC). There are times when I need to pull out into heavy traffic. If you need to make a sharp turn and cut across a couple of lanes, the power cuts until the vehicle re-balances - Several times I've been a sitting duck with an unhappy motorist slamming their brakes and their horn behind me. I just went for my 5,000 mile service and asked if they could adjust it or unhook it. Nope. It only happens during agressive moves, so I'll live, but just a word of warning - It seems to be more of a problem then a help.    That being said, could it be that drivers are confusing a transmission problem with a VSC annoyance? I know that I thought I was going to bring in a lemon transmission until I realized it was actually the VSC kicking in when punching the gas and making a 90 degree turn simultaneously.
Leased vehicle 1st of Sept and haven't had a bit a problem with it. Really like the ride and performance. I was very concerned about the trans problem because i read about this problem before a leased the vehicle. I have over 4700 miles on it and its already Thanksgiving day and still running fine. I love how quite the interior is and the luxurious appoiontments within. The navigation system is the greatest and the Mark Levinson sound system sounds great.
Maybe I am jinxing myself with this review but I love my 2002. First, let me say this it is a luxury car NOT a sports. This car makes no pretensions about being fast sporty or being a babe magnet. It is comfortable car made for cruising.    This leads me to the transmission. It feels lazy becuase it is supposed to be. This may not be your cup of tea but it is designed for 'sunday drivers' like myself. I don't stomp on the gas but I can cruise comfortably and quitely at 85. I was very worried about he transmission problem too and test drove at least 10 300's seeking to recreat the pause. I was able to with effort but I never drive in that manner in real life.  I have had need for sudden acceleration and it has not let me down. I picked this car becuase I am stuck in traffic 3 hours a day and I like the serenity of the interior.     As far as the interior there is nothing in this class that touches it. Period.    The one thing I will say about it is that it will not appeal to a large cross section of buyers. Again look at this car only if you want the most luxury 32 grand can buy. If you want a more 'athletic' car get a G35 or 2004 TL. Or wait for the es330.
Moving on to a real luxury car.  This car was a good deal 3 years ago, but now is too expensive for what it delivers.  Acura delivers more bang for the buck.  If you have the money step up to an Audi A6 turbo or BMW 525i or if you want more luxury a Jag S 3.0.  Lexus is selling too many cars to keep the quality and residual value high for me to lease.  I will have to pay over 100/mo to get the same car I have now and the price went DOWN!
overall I have been pleased. 
A nice car for a young professional. Ride quality is excellent, descent handling and acceleration. Luxury feel. Looks best in black on black with chrome wheels. Overall, it beats M-B, Audi A6 2.8 in terms of luxury. Stereo is nice ( but not awsome). Back seat legroom and headroom is inadequate for large adults. In my opinion, it's the best choice in near luxury segment.
Overall, a wonderful car! Ultimate driving pleasure and very smooth and awesome sound system!
If your looking for a sports sedan, no way. But if your looking for one of the best quality, most prestigous cars out today, this is your best bet.PS: go to www.toyota.co.jp, Toyota's japanese website. This car is made there as a Toyota Windom. IT IS NOT A CAMRY!!!!!
Very comfortable car and very pepy and stock radio is ok and overall its a good contender....
Well i think she is a really great car for a luxo / sport car i think she couldve gotton more HP but shes doing ok with 200 hp, her ride i very smooth and you can feel big bumps but say good bye to pebbles and little things on the road ( she ignored them ) this car is very powerful at times when she wants to be hehe i mean sometimes when i floor her she doesnt goes as fast as she is supposed to but she does on most cases....
I love my ES300, being in the military I travel alot and I needed something reliable, after driving this car I was convience this was the car for me. I've had no problems thus far with 99,000 miles see stills runs like new, and looks new inside and out.
I love my ES300, being in the military I travel alot and I needed something reliable, after driving this car I was convience this was the car for me. I've had no problems thus far with 99,000 miles see stills runs like new, and looks new inside and out.
BUY this car. Not only is Lexus a brand name that will always impress your friends, it will impress you with the quality. 
I highly recommend this car.  You can't beat the ride, drive, comfort, quality build, and outstanding customer service that comes with owning the LEXUS ES300.  It'll kill the Mercedes C-class (2000 model and before) any day and in every aspect.  I am sure the new redesigned 2002 Lexus ES300 will destroy the 2001 C-Class in terms of looks and technology -- when it comes out September 2001.  The 2001 Infiniti I-30 is a good match, but not good enough.  BMW 3-series drive more sporty, but the interiors are shaby, dull, and boring...and as soon as BMW redesigns their cars...they look old and dated.  The LEXUS always look pretty fresh.  I always get compliments from everybody old, young, and the ladies.....If I buy another entry luxury sedan.....I will buy another LEXUS ES300 over the competition - ANY DAY!!!!!!
I Really love this car I mean it was better then my last car ( which was a AUDI A6 ) This car has it all I really love this car in every way So if you were looking at buying this car BUY IT!! You will never ever regret I love it! But remember that theres alot of dealers who put a big sticker on this car I mean i saw my car at 34,000 and i bought is for 28,000 so just dont send 40,000 for this car ( its worth it tho ) :-)
lexus has the #1 selling luxury car for any brand,japanese,german or usa.look how much lexus has done in just 10 years compared to some others that have been selling cars for 100plus years....also lexus has the most trouble free cars for the past 10 years...they outsold BMW and BENZ in about 2-3 years of being sold in the US....with only a few models LS400,ES300,SC300,GS300.
Buy the '97 or later, you won't regret it.  I bought new, but these cars hold up so well that buying a well cared for '97 or later is probably your best value.
I recommend this car to anyone in the market for a reasonably priced luxury sedan. Very roomy, clean, and runs great.
Ok, so it's my parent's car, but who cares?  I love this thing...totally gets the chicks :)  hah hah.  No seriously, who can deny that this is one of the best cars around?  not exactly the most sporty thing out there, but as far as comfort, quiet rides, this is the best I've been in.  Not too pricy either, considering how much a Mercedes costs.  Gotta love those leather seats :)
Lexus is simply the BEST for the price and value.  These cars are dependable and affordable, if you do your homework and DEAL with the dealer.  I plan on purchasing an LS soon and will continue to park the Lexus nameplate in my garage until the competition (BMW, Mercedes, Acura, etc.) either comes down to earth price-wise or improves maintenance.THANKS!
This is really my wife's car.  She does a lot of driving for her work, and wanted something comfortable.  We debated between a new Camry (or similar) vs. a 3 year old Lexus for about the same $$$.  However, the used Lexus came with a longer bumper-to-bumper warrany than the new Camry.  Also, my wife needs her car every day, and Lexus provides a free loaner when you bring your car for service.  That clinched it!!She previously drove a Ford Crown Vic, and thought that she loved that 'big boat' feel.  However, she has learned to appreciate the ES300's nimbleness. Two relatively minor complaints- CD player (in trunk-- she never remembers to load new CD's, and those same songs are driving her nuts!!), and location of cup holder (it obscures radio & climate controls). I think both were corrected in later models.  Note, however, that Lexus service is very expensive: almost $400 for the 60,000 mile check up.  However, I have to admit that Lexus volunteered to replace 2 struts under warranty (no deductible!!). Maybe you do get what you pay for!!Conclusion- My wife loves her Lexus ES300.  She is considering getting rid of it after the warranty runs out to avoid high repair costs (probably at about 95K miles, so it will have some transferable warranty), and will probably get another Lexus.
I paid 18000 for it. It was an unbelievabley cheap price. It has very low miles, mint condition. It is the most comfortable car I have ever driven in. The stereo is the best stereo system i have ever heard. It is so clean sounding and powerful when necessary. I would give it more than 5 Stars.****** Stars
The ES drives and handles well, but lacks in styling and conviences.  Why pay for the ES when you can get an Avalon for thousands less. 
i bought this car 2 mths ago and i like it runs very smooth
I purchased this car in 1998. People who doubt the power of the es300 are kidding themselves. A rather light four door that has plenty of leg room and tunk space for the big soundsystems. The only disadvantage is performance porducts are hard to find but this keeps people away from the model. Hey it's more fun to me. I think the Es300 has a throaty V6 that you usually dont see in Hondas and Domestics. I take hondas and acuras by 2 seconds. The es3 has a good launch but has alot of wheel spin. I added a intake system and exhaust to make up for the weight of the sound system. I dont know if working on the engine like nitrous and turbos would be worth it but it would be fun to try.
A wonderful all around car, heavy on the luxury and comfort side, and light on exciting handling.
I purchased my ES over 3 years ago through a dealer friend at a dealer auction.  The car had 71k at the time and now has 105K.  I've kept up the service since my wife uses and loves the ride and handling of the car.  I replaced the timing belt, camshaft seals, water pump, serpentine belt, etc. and spent $1,200 on the car to put it in first class running condition.  I fully expect to put 300k on this car.  Repairs at the dealer are expensive, so it pays to find a reputable, knowledgeable repair shop other than the dealer.  I just recently experienced the same complaint as some others with regard to the indicator lights on the tach and speedometer needle.  The Lexus dealer quoted me $800 to replace both the tach and speedometer head.  I went to car-part.com, found a junk yard 200 miles from me....and bought a replacement instrument cluster for $125.00.  I had been quoted a price of $100 to install the replacement cluster.....still a lot cheaper than $800 at Lexus?  When I received the cluster from the junk yard, and inspected it...I decided (with no automotive knowledge) to attempt to install it myself.  In less than 30 minutes, I had the replacement cluster installed in the dash, all lights working like new.....and spent a grand total of $125.00?  Sounds like to me, more people should try this themselves?  Not long after I bought the car, I had the Lexus dealer pull the cluster out and replace all the bulbs.  For this alone, I paid $100?  After doing this job myself, I can attest to the fact.....anyone can remove the ES300 cluster from the dash, and replace every bulb (not the speedo and tach needles) for maybe $10?  Don't get me wrong.  I will gladly pay someone for their knowledge and labor for timing belts, water pumps and the like since I am not a mechanic.  But, for a simple task such as this one......$800 for a dealer replacement is nothing short of a rip-off?  And before you ask, the junk yard gave me a 30 day warranty in case the cluster they sent me was not working properly.  They informed me they would send another one if that was the case.  So, go to www.car-part.com and see for yourself.  A replacement cluster will cost anywhere from $75.00 to $500.00 depending on the junk yard.  I decided to 'spend a little extra' and get a good one.
Bought the car with 28,000 miles on odometer, and now have over 111,000 miles.  Service has been excellent (the few times when I needed it), and the fit, finish, ride and amenities have been up to Lexus standards.  I still get comments from others who ride with me that a car with that much mileage can be so quiet and ride so well.
i love this car, and the chicks love it. When I ride init i know i,m in the bestcar made. It drives great , accelerates well and is just a beautiful car. Plus I got the best deal of anyone I know or have seen on this site.
I am impressed with its handling. It isn't a sports car so don't drive it like one. The CD changer in the trunk is weird but they did improve that wiht the later models. I also drove the 1997 ES300 and it's not that different than mine as far as handling, they are really nice to drive, very smooth. The cup holder is in a strange place also but, oh well. It is a beautiful car, fun to drive and I am very suprised that it holds its value as it does. Yes, when I am able I will absolutely without question buy another Lexus ES300. I am completely hooked.
Very satisfied with this product. Althought the Camry v6 and the Es300 are identical, the es300 remains more Camry like. Given the opportunity to drive both, the ES is a great car by itself!
This car has been one of the better vehicals I've owned.  It's sleek style suits my visual needs.  The front-end style catches the glance from onlookers alike.  I choose the car in green.  The front-center arm compartment makes good use of a small bucket of ice and a bottle of red wine.
I love this car, its nice and very quiet! I think that this is why little has changed in years about lexus...besides being more and more attractive. Althought dealership prices can empty your bank accounts, but why go for the 100 dollar oil change! (its the same oil), go to toyota, and get it from there....only do major servicing from lexus...thats WORTH IT!....happy cruzin'
I would recommend this car to just about anyone looking for a nice, luxurious ride for very little money.  I purchased mine USED, that is the only way to buy (my opinion) I mean 14K + tax is not a bad deal for a lexus, do your homework, yes you can actually afford one.  My next vehicle I plan on buying is the LEXUS GS300.  Stick w/ LEXUS, you can't go wrong!
A beautiful car to own. Lexus achieved in a decade what Benz took over 100 years to achieve. Buy one and enjoy driving it. It is not the fastest on the road but has a good balance of everything.
 My fiance loves it, my kids love it, my anti-import, US flag waving friend wants one.  5 stars all around.  This is the vehicle for the non-minivan driving Mom's who want a roomy vehicle that doesn't suggest Social Security.  Monster trunk, (enough room for my golf clubs and groceries)!!! Handles great, acceleration to spare, looks fantastic!  CD changer is in trunk so no extra hands adding any music you didn't ever want to hear, and with the 6 disk changer, it makes for music for an extended road trip. I bought mine used, (definately the way to go) and feel confident that it will perform well for the next 100K miles.  The very best thing about this car....cold winter mornings and heated seats....does it get better??
For the $27,500 I paid, the Lexus ES-300 represented a wondeful performance value. I still feel that way. You can get one for just a few dollars over dealer cost, if you pre-select your options, and compare every Lexus dealer you can. The car is solid, sporty, and very fun to drive. Fuel economy is poor, at 15 mpg, and a 300 mile range on a tank of (Premium only) gas can add up in a hurry. But beware of dealer-added 'extras'. The 6 disk Sony CD player adds $1200, but you can find it at any audio shop for $300, installed. The extended warranty (~$700) is worth the money! Without it, I would have had to pay $1200 for a 3 foot piece of rubber weatherstripping on the underside of the doorframe. My single complaint is with Lexus service. They treat you like gold, because any service costs easily 2x what it would anywhere else, except I couldn't find anyone other than Lexus to perform the service! I'd buy the Camry next time. It's the same car, just $3000 less out the door, with 1/2 the repair costs. If Lexus wonders why their sales are down so much, they need to first focus on the hidden costs of ownership. The 50,000 mile check can top $600, for plugs, filters, etc. A great and wonderful automobile, just hold on to your wallet as you drive it.
Great value in a used car. I bought mine with only 50000 KM (30000 mi), it cost half the price of a new one. Still drives like a much newer car. Very quiet. Comfortable, luxurious interior (mine has leather & CD changer, heated seats, etc.). Fair gas mileage. A great highway cruiser, just eats up long trips.
Despite having 'book maintenance' performed on the vehicle from the day I purchased it, the car has experienced the following problems, mostly just after the applicable warranties expired: (1) a circuit board malfunctioned, shutting down the air conditioning and dash displays. Four trips to the dealer and three to independent repairmen later, the board was replaced at a cost of approximately $1,000. In the process, the odometer mileage was irretrievably wiped out, and Lexus blithely told me there was nothing to be done; (2) the center air bag sensor malfunctioned at a replacement cost of $600; (3) the transmission/torque converter failed just past the 70K powertrain warranty's expiration, at a cost of nearly $4,000.00 (dealer told me they couldn't put a reconditioned transmission in); (4) the electroluminescent gauge needles are flickering out one by one, and costs of replacement are prohibitive. Moral of story: if you get one of these things, ditch it before the warranty runs out, b/c you could well wind up with a horror tale like mine.
2 way street. For a luxury minded, not sporty. Maybe not for young ones, like myself (17), i like the acceleration and handling of the 325i, but the luxury in the es is lovely.
I owned this car about 4 years. After 2 month of purchase I heard a valve simm noise from the engine, it sounds anoying so I brought it to a dealer and they changed that simms. after three weeks later that noise came back again. but I don't care it anymore and I kept driving like that.
I bought my 92 ES300 with 303,000 miles on it. Original engine and automatic transmission. It sounds like like all those spoiled rich people got a bad deal with the 2002 ES300 Transmission but mine couldn't be too bad with 303,000 miles.
This is my second car, and i graduate next year so I wanted a good car with a lot of power. It has very nice craftmanship on the interior, and there isnt a person that i drive by, that doesnt look at it. The exterior is VERY modern looking. This is a great car that i recommend you get.
This is the first Lexus car I have ever driven. I am truely give a thump up to Lexus in craftmanship. The acceleration is moderate, but not bad. The audio system is lively, even with Premium Sound System (my GS300 did not come with Nav/Mark Levinston).
After getting rid of Jaguar problem,I was looking to get back to a Lexus product.I wanted to try the GS series rather than ES 300 which I have owned in the past.  I looked at both GS 430 and GS 300 and went with the GS 300.The main reason was the Sportdesign package offered with the GS 300 which gave me a more sport inspired ride.The realiability and finish on the GS is hard to beat.  Looked at BMW and they were not willing to work with you,plus the fact their realiabilty has fallen down somewhat.
Overall a very good car. I was under the impression that it was more Sports Sedan than a Luxury car so I was disappointed when I realized it was more Luxury inclined. Great highway manners, starts to wallow when driven hard. A little to slow with a transmission that doesn't know the word 'sporting'.
A very good car, but definitely not perfect. The build quality is very good,  yet I had a severe dash rattle, which was  fixed after two trips to the dealer. The  transmission hesitates when accelerating   from less than a complete stop, which is a  constant annoyance. I also find the driver' seat to be somewhat uncomfortable.  The car is a looker inside and out however
After research, I found GS 300 has class, its a beauty for Luxury Sedan/sporty look car.
   This is the first Lexus I have owned and I can definitely say that it will NOT be the last. This car is great! I was blown away by how much better it is than other cars I've driven in the past. I always thought BMW and Mercedes were the best luxury cars out there, but now that I've switched over to Lexus I am very happy with my choice. As an added bonus, Lexus dealers actually treat you like a human being which is nice compared to the horrible treatment I've received from BMW and Mercedes dealers in the past. They act like they're actually doing you a favor by showing you their cars. Give me a break! When you go to a Lexus dealership, they're happy to see you and they will treat you better than you've ever been treated at a car dealership. Go to your nearest Lexus dealer and see what I mean......I didn't believe it either until I actually went to one and found out for myself.   As for the car, it is nothing short of spectacular. The fit and finish are superb(Lexus is better in this department than any other car on the market IMHO), the exterior design turns heads everywhere I take it, the interior surrounds you in comfort and elegance and while it's not as fast as a Ferrari, it is plenty powerful for a luxury sedan and very smooth in the process. The car drives effortlessly and is so quiet that you can't even tell if the engine is running most of the time. It goes over bumps and imperfections in the road like you're driving on glass and it has every option imaginable. Well, I thought it had everything until I checked out the specs on the LS430.......wow, that car is loaded with things that shouldn't even be available in an automobile. It costs nearly $30,000 more than my GS, however, so I'll sacrifice a few options and keep the extra cash right now.   In closing, I can definitely recommend this car to prospective buyers and I think they will be 100% satisfied with their purchase. I know that I am thrilled with my new GS 300 and I'll be enjoying it for several years.
I checked for hours evey option and rating of BMW and Mercedes. If you want the best for your money and reliability NOTHING beats the Lexus. Please check for yourself, I have. You may not beat the BMW racing around the corners of Monoco but you will pass it as it breaks down. The Mercedes is about 10G more for each of its Lexus conterparts. Why spend more for a name when you can get the Lexus and the leather is softer and the ride is quieter and you will never see any repair costs.
HORRIBLE CAR PLEASRE DONT BUY PLEASE!!!!!!!
This is my second one. The dealers at BMW & MB dont compare to the amount of ass kissing that you get at a Lexus dealer.  Mush less expensive to service than a german car. A better product.
ABSOLUTELY - LOVE THE CAR. Great looks, inside is excellent, I LOVE IT.
This is my second GS 300 (1st 1998) and is the first time I have ever purchased the same car back to back. I trade every 24-36 months my car and my wifes car. I went to the 2001 model because I was told the transmission problems had been corrected. NOT TRUE ! Infact the 2001 model is WORSE. Not only is it slow to down shift it will hang up on the up shift (between 2nd and 3rd gears) then slam into gear. What really makes this unbearable is the fact that it doesn't do it all the time and the service dept has dificulty with intermitten problems of such. What a disappointment.
Had it for two days now, love every minute in the car. E-shift had better response than last year with GS400. All the controller is at where it should be. The Nav system is the best 'toy' in this car. I did not plan to get M/L audio, but Lexus now only equipe the GS300 with M/L audio if you chose Nav option. But after lisean to it, I am glad I had it! Every day, I am try to find myself some more excuses to drive the car. Last night, I had to make two trips to supermarket for two items just because I can drive the car more :-)
I could not in good conscience advise anyone to buy any Lexus.
This car is priced similarly to the Merc E200(new) in Singapore at US$130k(cars cost a bomb here in Singapore). Was driving a Merc E200 previously and the GS300 trashes it in every way possible, except for the prestige that the 3-pointed star brings. Singaporean drivers place more emphasis on prestige and status than on the performance of the car itself. The Merc E200 handles like a whale on rollerblades, has a weak engine and is lousy at low RPMs and the interior just plain sucks. Support and aftersales maintenance/service is excellent which is a hallmark of the Lexus marque.Raced with a BMW 728i a week ago at a traffic junction and left the Beemer eating dust :) Did the same with a CLK :)Compared to the BMW 520i, the BMW handles better but the interior just does not reek of luxury that the GS300 exudes. The S-Type is very nice-looking but cost a lot more and I have doubts about its reliability. The S320 and Passat are just waaaaaay outclassed.All in all, a very good sports sedan disguised as an executive salon. A real pleasure to drive or be driven in. Highly recommended.Only qualm is that the GS300 really eats petrol (Octane 98 in Singapore is approximately US$0.8 per liter) and there is that irritating wind noise when the car is travelling 100kmh and above.
Beyond Lexus' reputation for customer satisfaction, they will go out of their way to help you. Unlike both BMW and Mercedes who act as if you should be lucky just to be in the showroom, which is why Lexus now outsells them both, you aren't coerced to buy a car on the lot just to save them the time of ordering the exact vehicle and delaying their commision, which Mercedes and BMW both did. Great resale, fantastic styling, and incredible performance, what more could you want in a sporty luxury sedan ?
Definitely recommend it.  Although the car does drive on the softer side, it is definitely sportier than Lexus's ES or LS.  You can always do something about its handling.  For example, I've upgraded the wheels to Lexus's 17-inch wheels (17x8).  Yes, they are little nosier and little stiffer but it's worth it.  The car does handle a lot better... very close to BMW.Had the car for about 6 months and no problem so far.  After you drive car like GS for a week, you can't go back to anything less.Side note: Lexus dealerships WILL treat you with respect!  I went to 2 different BMW dealerships and they turned me away.  I couldn't even get to test drive.  Thanks to Lexus, I got to test drive BMWs and Mercedes.  I would NEVER go back to BMW dealerships ever again.
I bought my GS300 in 2/98. Drove it 34,280 miles . Replaced Bridgestone OE tires at 30,000 miles with Michlin Pilot XGT V4s. This car had no problems except slight vibration that seemed to be road surface and speed influenced. A pair of new shorts stained ivory leather driver's seat and some chemical thrown up by car in front of me on a trip to New Orleans stained the plastic nose cap(not the painted metal front surfaces). Both of these problems(?) were fixed at no charge, as good as new,  by Lexus without argument. Car color was white. Paid $ 40,000 at Flow Lexus in Winston Salem, NC. There is so much profit in Lexus cars that all I want for a deal is to split the profit with the dealer. Traded 98 GS for 2000GS 400 4 weeks and 700 miles ago. Same color combination and got the Platinum Edition. Got a little over $30,000 for 98GS trade, split profit +additional $1000 off for loyalty and Lexus finance. GS400 is more of everything . Quieter, much more power and better handling, stereo seems to sound quite a bit better (both cars had standard sound system with CD changer).This car has a different personality--more refined. GS300 was great, but GS400 seems to be worth the extra bucks.
Definitely beat E-320 and 528i.  More horsepower and better engine response than any of them.  Best price for the money.  The mavigation option is the best and easiest to use one on the market (Benz one is the worst).  However thinker or more durable leather would help cutting down premature wear.
I chose my GS for several reasons: its brandname and reliability, its quiet and smooth ride, its power and torque. I'm so far very impressed with my GS, although I found myself not being able to control it too much. An example is that my car tends to downshift to 1st gear even if it is not at a complete stop. Also, auto-shifting at times create a jerk on the ride. Other than that the car is perfect.
This car has been truly remarkable.Butter smooth transmission,great acceleration,and looks.Dealership is friendly and really go out of their way to be helpful.Very reliable.
I was looking originally for the BMW 3 series, after stopped at lexus dealer, my eyes were caught by the evil sleek looking GS300. Its lines and curve caught my attention and the sales person took me for a test drive. After I got in the car, I couldn't believe how quiet the engine was. The closing door sound just spelled QUALITY!!! After adjusting mirror and seats, I was overwhelmed by its amenities. Heated seats, autodim mirror, navigation system,ECT,VSC,HID and more. Then when we got on the high way, the engine roar was like a kitten meowing but the power it generated instantly put a smile on my face. That sales person knew then he got me! How should I describe the feeling when I was driving the car?... hmm.... 'Gliding on ice' probably don't justify it, but I will settle it for now. It was that good. And I bought the car the same week and with extended warranty, I am a proud LEXUS owner now.
I think this car is the best option that combines a sporty look with a sporty, yet luxurious ride. With the optional spoiler, it looks like a sports car. Inside, it drives like a sporty, luxury car. I'm 6'4' and I am comfortable in the driver's seat. Enjoy using the navigation system. Love the stereo. Back seat is roomy enough for 2 adults. I really like this car.
This car drives like a dream! It's the first luxury sedan I've purchased, and I’d do it all over again with another Lexus. The Pearl White paint is an eye catcher by itself, but the Platinum Series Rims, encourages a second look from fellow Lexus Owners also!  The interior ergonomics are impeccably designed, from the back-lit (auto-intensity adjusting) instrumentation to the large push-buttoned controls (for driving gloved/clad fingers) on the Premium Sound System.    In two words:  “Nice Car”
The GS is the BEST car in the market. I love this car. I've had now for about a year. I wouldn't even think about trading this car. I love every SINGLE detail in this car. Engine and Transmissions are just Beautiful. I've driven BMW 528 and 540, Mercedes Benz E series, and Acura. Lexus surpasses them all. The customer service is FIRST Rate. Road Side Assistance is Free 24/7. Dealers know how to fix ALL the problems and how to treat the customer with the utmost respect. On the road, this car is just soo sporty and soo luxurious that everyone who takes a ride with me just says wow. I bought the car used with 70,000 miles on it and drove it for 30,000 and I have had ZERO problems. The car runs smoothly and all it asks for are just some oil changes along the way. I've had a friend who has driven his 98 GS300 for 250,000 miles and had ZERO problems with it (just the usual few minor problems). inside this car, it's a whole new world. The audi system is awesome with PLENTY of power. the Climate control unit is so awesome. If you are in the market looking for a car, and can afford this car, just get it. This is THE car.    P.S. I've tried both the GS400 and GS300. I didn't feel any difference between them except a minor difference in acceleration. I chose the GS300 because it saves me some money on Gas and handles exactly the same as the 400 and 430 (although fuel economy statistics disagree). But a 6-cylinder definitely sucks less fuel than an 8-cylinder engine.
I have owned this GS300 since new (May 1999) and I can’t seem to give it up when considering a new one. It pleases me that much and it drives like it just came off the showroom floor. I now have 131,000 miles on it and the only problem I had, A/C at 104,000, was taken care of by Lexus; these people are fantastic; they bend over backward to please their customers. Before purchasing this model I ordered a MB E300 TD; but, a friend convinced me to take a look at the GS. That was the best thing I did in automobile buying. I’ve owned S class MBs, Jaguar, etc. and there is no comparison with the quality in my Lexus… none. The fit and finish and over quality of this car is wonderful; it continues to be after all these miles. I wouldn't hesitate purchasing another Lexus automobile.
This car is excellent. I used to drive a Benz E320 98. And the feel is nothing compared to the lexus. The benz has this hard feel just like the old ones. The GS handling is so nice you dont even want to leave the car
I paid $39K for my Lexus.  I would recommend this car to anyone and everyone.  This is my first Lexus, but I can guarantee that it will not be my last.  1 Year away from purchasing a GS400...can't wait for that day!  Maintenance...what maintenance?  Other than gas and oil, I've had no other issues.  The car might be a little pricey, but it is well worth every single penny.  Think of it as an investment.  Great for family, friends, and don't forget about work.  
Might want to take a serious look at the bmw.
I know my GS doesn't have the power and excitement of either the M5 or E55, but bottom line is I love this car!!  I did tons of research before buying it since car shopping is like a hobby to me..  Was an eye lash away from ponying up the deposit on a new M5...  Several things kept me from doing this: attitude of 'we could care less' at the Dallas area BMW dealerships; lead times of when I'd get the car varied from 6 months to 2 years.  Considering their attitude, I didn't trust them.  I had a similiar experience at the MB dealership when I inquired about the E55.  They immediately tried to sell me an E430 they had on the lot and said why wait when you can own this car today.The big reason I went with another Lexus was the reliability of my SC400 and the treatment of Sewell, the local dealership.  This dealership, bent over backwards to make sure I was pleased with my SC.  When I was shopping for the next vehicle, they had plenty of praise for the M5 as a car, but kept subtly bringing up what my experience was like dealing with a BMW dealership.If you are looking for a combination of luxury, power and being treated like gold, you can't go wrong with this car! 
42,000 , and there is no one i wouldnt reccomend this car to 
This Car RULES! I love it, and i only have the 300 i would recomend this car to ANYONE, it has an AMAZING value, for the same price you get a 2.3 liter benz with less that 170 HP and no interior space. The Lexus RULES i love it, if you see it you will to. Lexus service is amazing, after any tune up, you would think it is BRAND NEW!
Lexus service treatment was exemplary.  Unfortunately this car was a lemon.  It vibrated at speeds above 40 mph and Lexus could not solve the problem.  Eventually Lexus bought the car back and I purchased the BMW.  I may the only person in history to have bought a Lexus lemon.  However, I understand the vibration problem was common in the 1998 model year.  Perhaps the new ones have worked that problem out.
Just a perfect automobile that rides well, handles beautifully, and is ultra reliable. Service from my Lexus dealer in Carlsbad is superb. Servie cost is very reasonable and they go out of their way to pleae, even filling my gas tank on one occasion when I suffered a minor inconvenience. i usually want to bring it in when I need a car wash, they do it so well.
Can't recommend the car since Lexus would not stand behind it's promise of customer satisfaction.  Other than that, a fine automobile.
The Lexus GS300 has been the best automobile I've ever owned.  The vehicle is solid, with good looks and a terrific ride.  After a while, you loose some of your appreciation for the quiet, stable ride that the GS300 affords.  However, if you drive a Ford or GM product for a day, you'll come to re-appreciate the comfort and luxury that Lexus builds into their automobiles!
This car is unbeliavable, it was used as a sundays car for a few years now...its 5 years old and has only 25k miles on it..the car is absolutly gorgeous..the sleek body design and curves in all the right places..the chrome molding ( as a professional detailist) i must say makes it very difficult to wax to perfection...the engiene however in the 300 model..is odd....acceleration is very fast...pins u to ur seat as it takes off..shifting is smooth with a great low roar to its engiene had higher rpms..wen u slam the gas for it to go..theres a split second delay to b4 she takes off....which in some cases is very dangerous (highway merging, passing through lanes, quick moves through side streets etc.) other than that..the car is unbelievable...as a detailist again lol..the dashboard stays immaculutly clean, alhtough impossible to have a shine to it. audio system..not the nakamachi...the standard lexus 96w 6cd 7spkr (2 tweets, 4 in door 5x7, 1 8-10' woofer) not sure wud size..but....the audio..is..ehh...alright...not the best ive seen, unimpressive for a lexus however...but thas why the upgrade is there i guess...at half way....its loud..but not loud loud...clarity beyond this point cannot be found even with changing the EQ...distortion in the speakers..comes about at much higher volumes but thas obvious in most stereo equipment....take this car above 120mph...and this car still! and i mean still! handles like a dream...u feel weightless...this car roars and fires through turns, the steering becomes so tight it gives u a formula 1 feel to racing..imagine what the GS430 is like
Well I have to say that this car has been an excellent vehicle. It has never braught me any kind of problems, or have spent more than oil change money on it.  I have to say that the power it has is amazing, although when the RPM reaches 4000 it kind of losses power. No big deal unless you like to race the thing.  I always burn just about any other SUV that approches me, I have raced a stock civic,sentra, and I made them feel very bad...I have kept up to a maxima, which I was surprized!!!!  But, I have to say that this SUV is excellent, it also looks very good and with the new rims that I got, well it is even better.   I have driven many other SUV's and I really like this one, the only suv that I would take over this one is the Acura MDX, and the Lexus RX300!!!
QUIETEST ENGINE EITHER FLOORING THE GAS PEDAL OR STANDING STILL WAITING FOR THE COP CAR WITH SIREN ON TO GO BY. LOVE THE POWER & ADJUSTABLE STEERING WHEEL COLUMM. THIS IS MY FIRST LEXUS AND WILL NOT BE MY LAST EITHER . I DEFINITELY AND STRONGLY RECOMENDEND ANYONE TO BUY THIS CAR OVER THE OTHER CARS IN ITS CLASS...I RECENTLY TEST DROVE THE NEWLY RE-DESIGN 2001 M.BENZ C320 (STICKER AT $42,000)AND HOPING THAT M.B WILL CHANGE MY MIND AND GET ME IN ONE OF THEIR COST MORE PRODUCTS. NOT A CHANCELET'S JUST SAY I WILL KEEP MY GS 300.
I couldn't be happier with the ride, fit and finish on this car.  It has proven to be extremely reliable, very smooth, and best of all a real looker.  I think it is better looking than the BMW 5's and Mercedes E's, yet not as pretentious - it is classy without being overstated.  The interior is very classy, but I would recommend the wood-trim steering wheel and shifter knob if they are available to dress it up some more. The exterior finish is excellent, which you can see when you park next to a lesser priced car of the same color.  The GS300 is underpowered, but it's on par with its competitors base engines.  If you can afford it, I would definately go with the GS400.  That was my biggest mistake, and if I could go back I would get the V8.  Over all that, the best thing about this car is the dealership - I've never been treated so well at a car dealer.  From the initial purchase, which consisted of very minimal haggling and 'sales techniques', to the service center, these dealers are extremely oriented toward the long-term satisfaction of their customers.  You can tell they want repeat business.  They provide free car washes any weekday, and they don't try to 'sell up' when I bring my car in for a warrantee or other issues.  They have free coffee, snacks, sandwiches and soda in the waiting room, which also happens to have a TV, stereo and VCR.  I would definately buy this car again if I were looking for a mid-size sport-luxury car.
I am really enjoying my GS300 experience and feeling absolutely no buyers remorse after buying the car.  The word that frequently comes to mind as I drive it is 'refinement'.  The overall engineering is superb to anything I have owned or driven in recent memory.  The big gripe about this car (1993-1997 GS's) is that it's sluggish nature off the line and that is 100% accurate.  Therefore, if you are considering this car and 0-60 is important to you, go find different car.  If, however, you want to enjoy nearly everything else about owning the finest line of automobiles on the road, then this is your car.  
This car is the best car I have ever owned and the one that I've also kept the longest.  Bought it in 1997 and has driven like a dream since. Only have had to replace the brakes and rotors which is normal wear and tear for a car.  I look forward to passing this car on to someone so they can enjoy it as much as I did. Great family car. Very reliable and safe.
Drivers door,hood,trunk out of alignment. second day of ownership i requested balancing/alignment.2.5yrs,two o ring replacements,oil filter bracket,rear rotors, front/rear shocks, front lower control arms,new castor bars, several tire balancings,new gaskets,new motor mounts,new tires,new starter and more. Overall performance-awful.Dealer is buying it back.Im so diappointed. 
tHE CAR HANDLES GREAT. WHEN GOING IN HIGH SPEDS IT DRIVES AND HANDLES LIKE A SMALL RACE CAR.
A very smooth ride (Slight oversteer on corners) but overall a quiet cockpit, Pure luxury (you could almost fall asleep!). Because of expensive parts, sluggish performance I can't give this an excellent rating.
The GS300 is a great car but it lacks the handling/prowess of its German competitors.  For a sports-sedan it could have more power, but I guess thats where the GS4 and after market upgrades come in handy.  I'm only a high school student and the girls love it.  Minor modifications (rims) really make this car stand out.  It's not like all the other cars in the parking lot that everyone else has (Mustangs, Camaros).  Overall this is a great car but if I could go back I would have put more thought into it's German competitors.  Those desiring the GS series should consider the 400/430 for more power.  What I love about the GS is the interior has a great style compared to BMW.  When you check out the interiors of the Beamers note there's not a sleek, smooth design like the Lex.  BMW interiors kind of basic.
Trade my 96 accord for a touch of luxury, a 93 lexus gs300, nice car good looks but I think i Got a lemon or the original owner did no repairs to it.  Oil leak from start $1,500 to fix, air condensor broke dealer replaced but then the hoses were leaking , then after 3 months fuel pump broke ($400 to repair)  would have loved to keep car put new rims, brakes, shocks and springs even up graded the sub woofer, quite a head turner, but the repairs were a killer for a car in the lexus name.  FINALLY HORN BROKE ONE DAY .Finally  traded the car in for a more reliable brand Honda accord.  won't buy another lexus again  nice car but its still a toyota with a different name and more costly repair fees.
Normally I would not provide a review.  But, this car has been so unbelievably reliable that I thought it might benefit those who are looking at buying a quality used car.  For $15-$20K this used car is an absolute steal compared to others that can be purchased for the same price.  The under-powered issue is a benefit to those who don't care much about performance because it keeps the price down.  I hear so many horror stories about breakdowns, impossible to diagnose problems, etc. from friends and acquaintances.  I feel like I am living in a vacuum in that this car was so well put together.  I know some day it will fall apart - it is just a machine.  But until then I can drive stress free and in absolute comfort.  As a side benefit, I am treated differently for driving this car.  Business associates, friends, valets all appreciate the quality of the car when they ride in it.  They cannot believe it is eight years old.  As well, the dealer treats me (and particularly my wife) like royalty.  We have been in for service only (no repairs), but we still get brand new courtesy cars and Godiva chocolates.  You could eat off of the service bay floor.
Incredible.
I would absolutely recommend either the GS 300 or the 400.  Of course, you're more likely to get a speeding ticket in a 400.
I purchased the car because of the test drive.3 months later I sold this piece of crap and lexus is suppose to be superb not hardly. Slow, sluggish,cramped cabin weak A/C and temp control had a mind of it's own. I highly request do not buy this car if your looking for a real sports sedan. Leave that field to the kings: BMW Cadillac Jaguar
am I happy! I got this car for a bargain price!  cheaper than the base price  of an is300.  I even added the mark levinson sound system! a great car with  aggresive yet classy looks. But I wish there was a manual on this baby.
Very nice overall compromise between sporty performance of BMW 528-30 and the price of a Mercedes. More focus on luxury than sporty handling. Silky and quite ride. Dealer experience at purchase excellent. Service experience to date has been polite but ineffective. 
A good car, but not worth the money. Mostly excellent fit and finish, but shortcomings in transmission, audio system, and climate control keep it from being in a class with true luxury cars.
A great ride! Extremely quiet; good performance from the 3.0 Liter and gas mileage is about 25.4 mpg. Exquisite paint job and fit & finish are top notch.  Stereo system is comparable to some home systems.
One sick ride.  Mad quiet, can't even tell the car is running when it is stopped.  Best luxury car you can buy for that money. Interior styling blows away any other luxury car.
Very well suited as a daily driver and all of the creature comforts one has come to expect from a Lexus brand vehicle. Very hard to beat for the money, and most have gotten this vehicle for 10k less than the MSRP price of the vehicle. This vehicle comes with so many standard options, it's almost un-necessary to add anything. even fully loaded they msrp for 62k, My OTD price fully loaded was 50k Try getting an BMW M3 for that! Not to mention a M3 fully loaded is more in the range of 75k. Is the BMW a better ALL OUT performance machine? Why yes it is... However, is it worth an extra 25K? I didn't think so. Not sure about you, but I spend way more time on the highway than on the track. And in drags I have NEVER lost to an M3. The acceleration of this vehicle is unreal! If you nail the gas in 1st gear it will liquefy the rear tires, and leave one hell of a pair of black marks when it shifts to second! Gas mileage is incredible. I average 18 around town, and 28 to 32 mpg on the highway depending on speed. At a steady 80 to 85 mph with cruise on I get 28 mpg. Slow it down to 65 mph and I get 32 mpg. That's amazing out of a 5.0L V-8.
Well , where should I start ? I have been driving several so called high end cars like 7 series BMW`s , Carreras and others. I lived in Germany till 2004 and moved to the US the same year. I was not really sure what to get me and it took me almost 2 years to finally make up my mind. The roads are horrible here in Texas , traffic is overwhelming ( I live in the DFW area ) and speedlimits are ridiculous . I was thinking several options like a 7 series ( I am not really convinced about the design ) , S class ( Propably to young for one ) , XJ Jag ( wayyyyyyy to tight for me , I`m 6,3 ) , Audi A8 ( Great car , great quality , great everything except that back home in Germany they still have to fight the Grandpa-image from 20 years ago and I just can`t get that out of my head ) , a Carrera again ( it would propably break my heart to drive this Baby over those streets) and so I decided to get me a CL. Whenever I bought a car , after 4 weeks I thought i made the wrong decision. Suddenly the other ones looked sooooooo much better than mine. Not this time. My CL is obsidian black which is very hard to keep clean but I wash my Baby at least 2 times a week by hand so it always looks like out of the showroom. And I can`t get enough of it. I think it`s one of the most beautiful cars on the road and since there are not too many of `em around it is an eyecatcher. I was thinking about the CL55 but what for ??? This one`s got enought torgue to get me through traffic fast enough but the ride is the smoothest I ever experienced. Problems? None what so ever! I put a pair of 20`s on 305/40`s on it and they are a bit rough but the look is insane . I was a little concerned first that it could be too much and look like 'crack dealer' but it does not. I have older gentlemen asking me on the parking lot where I got this vehicle and I get a lot of compliments from people. This is the first Mercedes I ever drove and I am a fan. It`s a wonderful car inside and out and I enjoy it like I haven`t enjoyed a car in a long time. I will drive it at least another 2 or 3 years and then maybe look for a CLS but that`s mid term planning. For right now I am all excited about this toy and can`t imagine anybody NOT being thrilled to have the same model. PS: I even think it looks better than the new CL but maybe I change my mind down the road once I`m used to the new form.
I've had my CL500 (with Sport package)for five months now. I traded a Lexus LS430. My impressions:     Exterior: Great paint, fit and finish. Front profile is odd but it grows on you. Side profile is understated and elegant. Rear profile is very avante garde.    Interior: I'm really conflicted here. The leather dash surfaces are luxurious and sporty. The seats comfortable and very supportive. Wood inserts are very stylish and exude quality. Switches and indicators are well placed. The GPS software and display is very inferior to what I had in the Lexus. MB missed here. Where I really get confused is with the headliner and floor coverings. They are cheap fiber board of some type that belongs on a Yugo. I'm disppointed but I'll get over it.    Engine and suspension. Beyond belief. Great handling and excellent fun factor even for a big coupe.    Transmission: The new seven speed has issues. Occasionally, it exhibits high rpms and no torque like the 'clutch' was slipping. Haven't been able to reproduce for the dealer. Not good to buy the first units out of the factory.    Overall, I love the car. The trouble with love is have to overlook your object's shortfalls. This is a car like no other on the road. Whatever shortcomings it has are a small price to pay for the many many things Mercedes did right.
Outstanding Car. The second best car I have ever owned... I say second because I used to own an 2003 SL55 before this one.
This car is SICK! And when I mean Sick I mean SICK, I have owned a S500 sport a lexus LS430, Jaguar XK8 convertible, Lexus GS430 and not one of these cars compares to it.. I have a Obsidian Black(meteal flake with the black paint)it is loaded with the SPORTS pak. a must for anyone who is intrested in this car. There is just so much you get with this car, compliments, head turns, valet parks it up front, excellent service etc...
When I was shopping around for a luxury crusier, I wanted to buy something with style.  So I shopped around and canceled out the Rolls and the Bently, because they are not styled that well, and are terribly overpriced.  So I narrowed it down to the Benz and the Jag, and chose then Benz for several reasons.  First, Mercedes are always higher quality built cars, and have a higher level of interior luxury.  Second there are many Mercedes aftermarket tuners that would be able to custimize the Benz to how I wanted it.  Third, this car has more technology than any other car I have ever seen.
The CL is one of the greatest cars MB has ever made. In no way is it like the S class as the previous CL was. Every time I get into my black on black CL, I feel like a celebrity! People stare and shake their heads in amazement when they see my beautiful car fly by. When I park it I keep looking back in amazement that i'm driving such a 'hot' car. When I bought this car, I was also considering a CL55 AMG, but for 2001/2002; the difference just wasnt worth the 20 grand. I have driven many bmw's, and the 8 series was my favorite car, untill i drove the CL... wow!!! You have to go out and drive one! The engine is great, trust me it moves haha. I've had it up to 120 mph a couple of times, and its solid as a rock. This car will get you in trouble on the interstate :) The Bose sound system is amazing. When I have friends in the car, and I have some music with some heavy bass on, they swear I have a system. The navigation system is too polite. You have to be outright dumb to make a wrong turn under her guidance. The speedometer is fascinating. (Obvoiusly you can tell its the little things that excite me.) Now I'm 28, and single; trust me, girls love this car. When you buy this car, the Sport package is a must. The cooled seats are a waste. I bought my car used and it has them but they do nothing in my opinion. Keyless go is cool, haha I love to see the look on peoples faces when I unlock the door by touching the handle. Distronic, in my opinion is only useful if you do an excessive amount of highway driving. The Trunk closer is cool, but I feel really lazy pushing that button. If you have money to blow, get the designo package. I've seen a couple cars with them but haha that ugly shell color is not for me! I have been a bmw nut since I was in my teens, and I still am. The M3 is too much fun, but it cannot compare to the CL. I'd have to say that the 8 series is the only other car that can come close to it. As far as maitnence, this car is somewhat reliable. I cannot speak much on this because ive owned it for less than a year. The only thing I have taken it in for is the routine stuff and a slight vibration at 70, but nothing other than that. I bought the car used, and i purchased the starmark warranty (a must) for two extra years. I highly reccomend buying the cl's used. Just take your time and find the one with the right options for you. Its a good time to buy now because the lease returns are coming back, and the redesigned 2003's are out.
Few cars look as good as this and even fewer look as big on british lanes but if you like 'em sleek, fast and sexy, look no further. All three models go like stink, even my basic 500. Obsidian Black is not the most practicable colour and requires high maintenance but when washed and waxed it looks a million dollars! I'm not entirely convinced by the interior build in parts, having had both door cards and the centre glovebox cover replaces owing to slight rippling of the leatherwork. I found Mercedes warranty superlative and their 'Mobilo for life' offers ultimate peace of mind.    There are too many optional extras though and pretty pricey! I'm spoiled by Lexus having bought an SC430 last year with zero options. Mercedes should also emulate the Lexus sat-nav and designer stereo - systems to die for!    If you're in the market for a big swoopy coupe that's fast and flash; suitable for girlies and guys - motors don't come much better than this.
Mercedes is truly a world class manufacturer and their level of luxury is rivaled only by Bentley, Rolls-Royce (both of which show it in the price), and the more realistic BMW. However, this car's sporty look may fool you into thinking you have purchased(or will) a spectacular racing car. While the car does have excellent speed it's handling leaves something to be desired and the feeling of a true racer never fully registers. More impressive than the car's abilities (at least to me) was the level of support i received from the Mercedes dealership. They truly wish to be help not only to those paying 100k but also to those with a simple C320. Their luster genuinely impressed me. However the car itself has a bit of an identity crisis, Is it a luxury sedan or a sports car? No good sedan is that cramped and no 100K sports car is so weak on pick up. It looks a little to much like it's CLK cousin.... Porsche 911, CL AMG55, or BMW M5........ If you want the sports car, it's 911 all the way. If you want the luxury sedan that still has some kick it's the M5.... If you just want a Mercedes with an identity crisis.... well....
Well... I bought this car from a friend who deals in one-of's, and this thing is way too powerful for consumption -- It dyno's at a little under 838hp. It had less than fifteen thousand miles so everything worked (and works) well. The fit and materials in the cabin are superb, and when driving it on the LA freeways, specifically the 210, the acceleration is simply astonishing, far quicker than my 2005 CL65. I really like this body style, which is 'why' I bought it over buying a new CL65. I like the front end and the side styling much more than the 2009's and then, of course, when it comes to what you really buy a car for -- Brutish power -- nothing I have compares. BTW, it has built in frt/rear radar (in Display), bluetooth, auto-lowering and is 'de-badged' to not draw attention.
You can't even feel the transmission changing gears. SMOOTH ride, quiet interior, Plenty of leg room. $90,560. Without a doubt I would recommend it!
We have been the proud owners of a Lexus LS 430 for the last couple of months and nothing has pleased us more. We haven't run across a problem yet. I think that we just got really unlucky with our Mercedes. Maybe at another time or place, we would have gotten a good one. But it wasn't meant to be. But overall, we were very unpleased with the Mercedes.
Its the best car money can buy ,believe me.It is comfortable,fast and it has got style.After all its a mercedes.
This car is just amazing! Its worth the money!
This car can only be described as fantastic. Its understated good looks draw attention wherever it goes. The leather - lined interior is a luxurious and relaxing place to be, even for hours at a time. The level of technology incorporated in this vehicle is astounding, from the COMAND system to the self - closing doors. The V12 engine remains quiet and refined even at speeds of 150 mph + , with all of its 389hp available at a stretch of your right foot. I do feel that more attention could be paid to some of the plastic mouldings used in the cabin, which look and feel a little cheap, but the finish, ownership experience, and prestige of this car are second to none.
The CL600 has to be the most amazing car ive ever owned. I traded my S320 in a month ago agaisnt the 600 and even though there isnt as much room i have no regrets. Its a great car to drive round town or the motorway. 100%
sweet car...very fast and sleek..good stereo..thinkin a/b soupin it up with brabus kit..
I Got this car at a deal- a fellow bought, it hated it and never drove it and the MErcedes dealership gave it to me for $86,900 with a phone!
IT'S SO COMFORTABLE, THAT SOMETIMES I JUST WANT TO SEE HOW FAST WILL IT GO ON A STRIGHT AWAY.THE FASTEST I WENT WAS 119 MPH.
This cas es excellent, great motor, interior, exterior, size, DVD, sound system, everything.
Kick ass car with stable manners. Technophobes stay away. This car is meantfor the internet and dvd generation.
great looking car, quality problems abound such as comand unit failed, distorted windscreen and complete elec failure x 2. They (merc) bought it back and made it difficult to buy another. Got one and would not have anything else. Merc should not be so arrogant their cars are pretty and hi tech but far less reliable than others
I don't know what made me upgrade the motor, the one that came directly from Mercedes was way to powerful for what I'm using the car for.
My 3rd SAAB all have served me well... My first V6 Turbo... For me I think the 2.0 turbo works well so I don't know if I'd spend the $ for the V6 again. Don't get me wrong it is a strong engine. The convertibles w/ the optional wind screen are quiet and not drafty w/ windows up and top down up to 100mph (as fast I've taken it). Aero's handling is very stable and secure. Turbo is great in the mountains and high altitude--way better than naturally aspirated engines. Brakes are awesome. Seats are very good. climate control excellent and cruise control holds set speed no matter how steep a hill is. A lot of little things make the car enjoyable. for example, you cant leave a dome light on and run down the battery the computer shuts it down. It even knows if a bulb burns out. My SAAB dealer in Santa Ana Ca. treats me very good. I buy low mileage used SAABs and the vaule is awesome. BTW: Strange first post on this site--person complained about transmission repair cost that is covered under 5yr-100,000 power train warranty. Something fishy.
Bought my '06 2.0T in May with 20k miles on it. This was my first car i bought so i wanted something nice for my money. When i was looking for a car i wanted something roomy, fun to drive (looks), good on gas and had creature comforts. After doing a lot of research i narrowed my choices to 3. I liked the Accords but with the options i liked it was V6 or bust. The Legacy's were nice but the interior was 'ehh' and then i checked out the Saab . My father works for a Swedish comany so i was familiar the cars and the uniqueness. After the test drive i feel in love with it. It was the car that best met my criteria. The was bought from a Saab dealer so i came certified and warranted until 100k or 5/2012. I've always babied my cars since i started driving so the maintence/care for Saab's is somewhat of a welcomed challenge.
unbelievably unreliable car thought SAABs are good cars but I was really really wrong
I bought my Saab 9-3 2.0t 1.5 years used with 31,000 miles on it. I have had this car now for almost three years and I have had no problems at all with the exception of the CEL gas cap issue which was fully covered by Saab. I have put 22,000 miloes on the car and drive in both city and highway, I use the techtronic shift and utilize the full capacity of this car (I esentially beat the crap out the turbo and engine, still not a single problem! The stereo does suck, I have the aux IPOD connector and it works crappy....very tinny sound, the CD player does not paly MP3's that well but regular CD's are fine. The tires/breaking system, transmission, engine, turbo, mechanics, have all functioned well above expectations. I have driven Volvo S-40's, and BMW 325's and the 9-3 is very comprable with 10g's less in cost.
Don't believe the negative hype. If maintained properly, these are fantastic cars, and will run forever. I am amazed by the stupidity of some of these reviewers. Here's a newsflash, if you buy a 12 year old car with no documented service history chances are great it is not going to perform like a brand new one. One guy on here trashed Saab, and by his own review he kept this 'unreliable' car for 7 solid years!
Just a beautiful car. Powerful, comfortable, and spacious. The new design definitely makes Saab a legit contender in the premium luxury sedan market, and yes, this car is a contender.
I'd never seriously considered Saabs before, but after seeing some ads for the new 9-3, I looked into it further and we test drove and wound up buying one. I guess their ads are right. 'People who test drive a Saab usually buy one'. We were initially drawn to the sharp Euro styling, and after reading reviews about the equally sharp handling, we were sold. There really isn't anything about the car we don't like, though about 50 more hp in non-turbo form would be nice. Even so, the 175hp turbo 4 is very smooth, with minimal lag, and Saab has nearly eliminated the previous torque steer problems too. I love the comfortable seats, extra interior space vs. the German competition, and the fact that you don't see many of them around. I recommend that anyone shopping Audis and BMW's try out a Saab as an alternative.
About a year and a half ago, I was in the market for a smallish wagon priced around $25k. After a few months of research on the internet, I had my list narrowed down to three: BMW 325 (pricey when optioned-out, but holds value), VW Passat (nice, but everyone and his brother has one), and Volvo V40 (safe and affordable, but otherwise unimpressive). I test drove them all and was passing by the Saab dealer on the way home when I spotted the 9-3. I had previously disregarded the car as a 'quirky' eight-year old design, but figured I could give it ten minutes of my time if only to use for comparison with the others. The dealer handed me the keys and said 'Have fun.' I wasn't expecting much and was absolutely amazed at exactly how much FUN this thing was to drive. After a 40-minute test drive, I walked back in to the showroom with a huge smile and placed my order for a steel grey 5-door with the charcoal interior and automatic transmission.    I've never had so much fun with a car. This Saab is a great commuter that averages 28 MPG, offers excellent value for the dollar, allows plenty of room in back for my two dogs and camping gear, and makes me smile every time I launch it on the Autobahns.     It's not for everyone, but...I guess that's the point.
An excellent auto, in all respects. This is my second Saab (had a '95 900S prior), and while it looks somewhat like my old one, it is a completely different animal. Light, handles well, responsive, quick & fast, great braking, top-notch visibility, comfortable, huge cargo capacity, typical Saab understated elegance and intuitive controls, very functional. Quietly elegant and sophisticated.
Car is fun to drive, and offers very good standard options. I love the way it holds to the road. I have 33,000 miles and haven't had any major problems, although rattles in the cabin drive me nuts. The dealer seems to be incapable or unwilling to fix this problem. Make sure to spring for the premium package. It gives you more controls on the passenger side seat and a better stereo. The standard stereo is downright unacceptable. Trunk space is HUGE. It’s almost like having a wagon except it looks cool and drives like a sports car.
My '02 lease is ending and I'm so happy with the car that I'm about to buy a used '02 or '03. Saab's resale value is notoriously poor--this is bad news for new car owners but good news for used car buyers, as I can buy a used 9-3 with the same or fewer miles than my leased vehicle for around $15K vs. $18K+ residual value.    The car has been essentially problem free for 36K miles (AC knob broke but was fixed free by SAAB). Good acceleration, especially in 3rd gear for the manual which is where the turbo really kicks in. Solid, dependable and a kick in the pants to drive. Remarkable that it's in the same price class as a VW Passat or Toyota yet feels and looks like a BMW/Audi/Infinity class car. I've owned a Volvo previously and like the Saab better.    Previously I owned an '87 900S and had a ton of mechanical problems, as Saabs were notorious for at that time. I went through two turbos, had the engine rebuilt, two clutches, etc all in 80K miles. I'd heard that since GM bought Saab they'd become much more reliable--and indeed they have. I've been pleasantly surprised by every aspect of owning the car. Somebody else pointed out the dorky placement of the cupholder and I agree, but other than that I highly recommend the 9-3.
I've always wanted this car. I love almost everything about it. It's small, stylish, understated, smooth, and FAST. When I step on the gas, it goes. BUT... (see weaknesses)
I love this car! I was shopping around for used Saabs from private sellers for over a month and this baby was the one I took based on the advice of an independant Saab mechanic, in which I trust, who described it as practically mint condition inside and out (and it is). The car is so strong and smooth which makes me feel very safe.     My friends are very loyal Saab drivers which influenced me to get a Saab in the first place. One thing I can definantly say about SAAB is that they are highly under-rated and be weary of biased criticism. I also get confused when people try to compare Volvo to SAAB as if there is even a comparison...
Best car ever......so far. Minor issue with the rear brakes (didn't pass inspection), but its under warranty. I bought the car used from my buddy's father's dealership with the Saab pre-pwned certification that enables the previous warranty to transfer. I bought the car with 50,000 miles / up to 2007.      Very soid feel, looks good, and is VERY fast. Definitely put snow tires on this car. The swedes know a thing or two about adverse driving conditions. Snow tires on that car are the best thing next to AWD, which is now available in the newest edition, 9-2 and 9-2x which is a Subaru WRX that actualy looks attractive. I anticipate trading this one in after a few years and a few promotions at work for that car.     the SE has a high output turbo that sneaks in under the radar then wallops you with an acceleration curve that definitely gives the car the deserving title of 'sleeper'.
In case anyone is wondering, I just found out what happens to a Saab if you don't take it in for scheduled maintenance. at 26,000 miles my car's engine needs to be rebuilt at over $6800.00. Add to that $3200.00 for cosmetic blemishes (I live in downtown Washington DC)and it equals a very bad decision on my part. My bike, puppy, and extremely busy lifestyle was no match for my poor Saab. These cars need a garage, a cover, and someone who really loves cars.
This car is as fun to drive as it is to look at. It took almost a month to get used to driving the car. At first I thought the car was simply an economy car with great gas milage. I wondered what all of the performance hype was about but once I got used to driving the car at 2500 RPM and above I realized the awesome power and torque the car realy has. This car is like a great album, it just keeps growing on you.
Great looking car, fast, plenty of torque, solid build, has managed to age well with classic styling. Any short-comings with handling is overcome by the great driving experience with the top down.
An excellent car with lot of power for 2 liter, 4 cylinder engine. superb accelaration and nice control panels. As good as my BMW 2001330Xi
Great car!  Quick 4 cylinder engine gets about 30 mpg on highway 28 in town.  A little torque steer but you get used to it.  Built like a tank, very solid and safe.  Great styling inside and out.  Comfortable, warm seats.  Great interior layout.  Smooth shifting manual transmission.  Plenty of trunk room.  I would recommend this car to anyone.  I drove a 3 series BMW before buying the Saab.  BMW was a great car but didn't impress me as much as the Saab!
Great car! Very fast and 27 MPG! Down works wonderful even my wife can do it. I wish I would have got the Viggen. This model needs wider tires for the look. I would recommend to anyone. No problems or bugs so far.
A very well designed car, well made and lots of fun to drive. I would recommend this car to anyone looking for a reliable, fast, and economic car. Purchasing price might be on the high side, but the car will last for many, many years...
I'm very impressed with this car. My wife just had to have it, and I wasn't too jazzed about it.  I'm not a big fan of small cube turbo engines.  The Saab won me over, awesome power from 2.0 liters, comfortable crusing, and a lot of fun with the top down.  No mechanical problems thus far, a few minor cosmetics, that's all.  Car's quirkiness is kinda neat, you don't see yourself coming and going every day. I wish we could have opted for the stick shift, but the auto isn't bad.  Overall a good looking, fun to drive, fast, luxury car  
I absolutely love this car.  I always heard bad things about Saabs.  However, I saw an add and decided to test drive one.  I was hooked after the first drive.  I did some research, saabs seem to havecome a long way, and decided to give it a try. I have always loved the way they look... well excepth for the 9000.  I have had a VW Jetta VR6 and a BMW 325is and this is the best car I have owned!!  The BMW had better sport handling and may have been a little nicer inside but the Saabs just becomes part of you the minute you sit in it.  It is the smoothest car I have owned.  It is very sharp looking and it is nice too know there isn't as many around as VW's and BMW's.
It feels like flying. Undoubtably it is a very fast car, i have read loads of comments slating the Aero and the Viggen for torque steer - I think you just get used to it. The 9-3 Areo has inherited the Viggen body styling, and is a stunning car. Just be careful in the wet - it is a bit twitchy.If you are a Saab lover then this is a definite buy. I would recommend the Aero as great fun, and good value.
This car is different from other near-luxury sport sedan. It is for 'professional with different taste'. You will be happy to be unique. The build quality needs to be improved in this class. You have to 'push' the car to move in city. Overfall the car is good. 4 years b-b warranty should make me feel better because of its so-so reliability. I heard it is better than the previous version - Saab 900. It is much better than buying an Accord or Camry (they have leather option but no heated seats option !)A Swedan car (Saab & Volvo) without leather will be strange. I would either buy an Accord or Passat if there is no leather. I don't like GM get involved but I am glad it was still made in Swedan.I got the car at invoice with the $4700 incentive. Without the incentive, I won't pay closed to 30K for a Saab 9-3. I would buy an A4 1.8t instead.
It is a love hate thing, I love the looks but hate just about everything else.  'Sob' has a long way to go to play in the same league as other european sport convertibles.  The suspension and the low profile tires make for one of the harshest rides I have ever experienced on all but glass smooth roads.  When test driving this car make sure it is the version you want (SE vs. Base) and that you drive it for an extended period on different road surfaces, a mistake I won't make again.  My passenger and I were nauseous from the 45 minute ride home from the dealership. Every crack in the road is felt and transmitted through the steering wheel, mirror and the seat.  There is significant cowl shake.  Even more disconcerting is the up and down motion at highway speeds (similar to that of a Jeep Wrangler but quicker and not as pronounced, probalbly due to the short wheelbase, the BMW 325 conv. is 6 inches shorter in length yet has a 5 inch longer wheelbase).  It developed an annoying creek in the roof after a couple of days.  The re-sale and residual value are terrible, especially for an automoble in this price range and league, which is a telling story in and of itself.  55-56% residual at best on a 2001 and don't even bother looking at a 2000 lease.  My Jeep Wrangler has a higher residual value! The 2000's are being discounted in Chicago around $9,000 and they are still not selling.  'Sob' hides many of it's weaknesses under the guise of 'be different' which really means accept less.  'Quirkiness' is just another way of saying wouldn't or couldn't pay up for better quality i.e. german engineering.  
This car has a fabulous engine (far quicker than Audi A4 1.8T or V6, BMW 325) and it has great brakes. The 9-3 has a long list of standard features and the interior layout is well thought-out. It also boasts the biggest trunk I've ever seen. Furthermore this car really stands out in terms of styling.
I am very happy with this car after having owned it for 5 months. I hadn't really considered a Saab until I saw an ad for it in the paper. I was very pleasantly surprised when I test drove the car. The new style is very pleasing and it is a great road car. I also really like the amount of cargo this car holds.
The Saab 9-3 is an absolutely wonderful car.  However, it's a car for people who like cars, not folks who couldn't care less what they're zipping around in.It's fast.  No, I'm not kidding here, it's really quick.  There are 3 motors depending on which model you chose and even the lowest HP motor is rated at 185!  That's a big bunch of power!  The car really can zip along, especially with the Sport mode on for the Auto's.  Inside the car is beautifully designed with the switches and controls perfectly positioned.  The stereo is nice and the controls on the steering wheel are wonderfully handy.  The weatherband is a nice feature as well.All in all, irrespective of the price, it's a great car.
I have a love/hate relationship with this car.  It's fun to drive, however it is poorly built.  There are constant noices throughout the cabin.  It's been in the shop several times, and they cannot seem to solve the problems.  Driving the car off the lot everything seemed rosey, but at 1,000 miles the problems began to surface.
I would recommend this car, it is a lot of fun to drive, it haulsa** pretty good, fuel mileage is not so good when you stick your foot in it, but it feels very solid. the AC controls are a joke. lawnmowersfrom sears have better cables in their controls. the stock stereois pretty weak by todays standards.If you like DRIVING... buy it.uf you like RIDING... buy something else.
Please notice, price is in DKr. In USD approx. 25000.  This is my 5th Saab 900/9-3. (I own a Saab 900 i-8, 'Classic', 1990 to). Compared to my farther in law's Ford Mondeo, the 900/9-3 has been surprisingly cheep to own - I don't know what went wrong, as it was expected to be the other way around. The car is 'friendly and forgiving' to its driver. Never surprising the driver. It offers fine comfort - especially to the driver. I fit into this car as a foot into a shoe - an experience, that I never had from other cars.
Please notice, price is in DKr. In USD approx. 25000.  This is my 5th Saab 900/9-3. (I own a Saab 900 i-8, 'Classic', 1990 to). Compared to my farther in law's Ford Mondeo, the 900/9-3 has been surprisingly cheep to own - I don't know what went wrong, as it was expected to be the other way around. The car is 'friendly and forgiving' to its driver. Never surprising the driver. It offers fine comfort - especially to the driver. I fit into this car as a foot into a shoe - an experience, that I never had from other cars.
It may look like the Saabs from the years past, but under the skin it is a sub-par GM sedan with a hatchback and strangly-placed controls attempting to hide it's roots.    A marvel of clever space utilization and big performance out of a small motor, let down by horrendous reliability and quality. It also represents a futile attempt to compete with contemporary BMWs, Audis, and the like by hot-rodding what is essentially a 1994 design.    A real shame that the direct descendant of cars that could go over 200,000 miles feels essentially shot by 80,000.
Without a doubt the worst car I ever  oened(actually leased in my case) In the   last three years my car has been in repair  no fewer than nine times. Problems include:    persistently malfunctioning soft top - top  would not close completely    persistent problem with battery- evidently  problem with electrical system kept  killing the battery if the car was idle for more than three days    problem with oil switch, oil pressure    terrible in snow    poor finish- rusting lug nuts    poor interior finish:    leather poor quality    The worst wheels I have ever dealt with  wheels dent and bend with any bump
I recommend this car to anyone who loves to drive!
Highly recomended. At its price range, you won't find a fast, fun convertible that still is a great long-term prospect for its superb safety (its a Saab), smoothness, ride comfort and luxury. You can't go wrong.
European price is $40k for the 9-3 h.o.t. SE Spec (and $47k for Viggen)!!Greatest strength is the engine. If you regularly drive alone for 500 miles on highway, nothing comes close for A to B ability.Chassis is old, old, old and, despite modifications, cannot compete with the best (or even the average). Just get it onto a reasonably straight road and hit the loud pedal!
This is my second Saab.  I owned a 87, and all I can say is what a difference.  This vehicle replaced a Volvo, which was the worst car I ever owned.  I couldn't wait to get rid of it.  I really like the Saab a lot.  It's very fast, even with the auto, handles well, and in my opinion is one of the best deals around for a European sedan.  The Ecopower engine is truly an engineering marvel.  It has more useful everday power than any other car I have ever driven. (I have owned a lot of cars)  The broad torque band is the key.  Abundant power is always available, and driving this car in everyday traffic is just fantastic.  I have shocked 2 BMW's at stop lights.  I hit the sport button, and I was gone.  They couldn't believe that they were beaten by a 4 cyl. Saab.  I don't think that they even knew what a Saab was! GM new what they were doing when they aquired Saab.  With a little more work, and another model or two, they will have a real contender on their hands. Saab's are really not quirky anymore.  Buy one now while you still can, the deals won't last, people will soon figure out that this is one great car!Drive one & you will be a believer too. 
I dig this car.  The turbo is great.  3rd gear on this car can't be beat.  As one reveiwer said, shift cause you want to, not cause you have to.  The storage room is 2nd to none.  I'm 6'4' and I tried a 3 series BMW - I didn't fit in it, period.  The SAAB fits me well and has HUGE rear storage space.  I also have a dog and you can buy an after-market cage for $200 that is fantastic.  This is something you can only get from either a station wagon or a SUV.  I would highly recommend this car.  If you want a sprty euro sports sedan (e.g, Audi or BMW) you can't beat the SAAB.
While the appearance on the 9-3 coupe and 4 door is ok, I absolutely love the look of the 9-3 convertible.  Here in southern California, it is far less common than BMWs.  While the Saab 9-3 Convertible compares close in sticker price to the BMW 323i convertible, Saab incentivizes their cars heavily while BMW does not.  When you add in all of the bonuses and dirt cheap financing, you end up with a monthly base FAR less than a BMW with a similar price tag.  While I think the BMW edges out the Saab in sportiness, the Saab has more room and wins slightly in the luxury category.  The factory tires and wheels on the base model suck.  I upgraded to 215 Michelin XGT V4s and the steering and handling of the car has changed quite a bit.  It handles, dare I say, more like a BMW.  A standard turbo is a welcome addition.  My 1997 Saab 900s was a dog.  I had only 1 mechanical problem on my 1997 Saab 900s in 3 years of ownership.  I expect the new Saab 9-3 to be as good or better.  I see many improvements in the car over the old 900s.  Too many to list.    
I would highly recommend this car.  I think it really excels in the convertible form.  While I think the look is ok on the hard tops, I absolutely love the appearance of the two door convertible.  This is the second Saab Convertible I have owned (previous was a 1997 Saab 900s) and I have received numerous complements on the appearance of both cars.  In the land of southern California where BMWs are a dime a dozen, the Saab Convertible really stands out.  While I may have gone to the new 323i convertible if the price was the same, the fact is there is no comparison on the deal.  Even though the sticker prices are comparable, Saab incentivizes the cars so heavily in financing and other items that your end payment ends up being radically different in most cases (BMW has next to no incentives).  There is NO comparison for value.  The Saab 900s was good, but I grew tired of the 5 speed.  The new Saab 9-3 has many improvements over the old car (too numerous to mention), but most of all I like that the turbo engine is now standard.  It remedies one of my largest compliants in the old car (lack of acceleration in the base model).  The auto shifts nicely too.  One other thing, the factory 195 Michelin MXV4 tires on the base model suck.  I switched to 215 Michelin XGT V4 tires on the same wheels and the grip, steering, and handling have improved dramatically.  I and others have commented that it feels much more BMW like with the new tires.  Overally, I would say the Saab is more luxurious than the BMW (more room, etc) while the BMW is a little more sporty.  My past Saab had only 1 small mechanical issue in three years.  It was very troublefree.  The new Saabs now include 3 years maintenance.  All in all, the new car is a better deal than ever!
The Saab lease deals cannot be beaten by either Audi orBMW.  If I were financing I'd probably go with the Bimmer.The Saab takes a little time to get used to but once I did the car was great.  The turbo on the SE launches thecar like a rocket.  The braking is superb and confident.The interior is comparable to the Audi which is beautiful.If I financed, I'd check everthing very carefully before signing anything.  I've heard Saab takes good care of their customers but I'd hate to constantly bring the car in forminor problems.  If by chance you get a perfect reliableSaab, theres nothing else like it for the money.  
I have waited 5 years saving up for this car and it has not disappointed me.  The interior is well laid out and everything falls to hand once you get used to the Saab way of doing things.  The seats are very comfortable for long trips although a bit more lumbar adjustment would be nice.  The car is reasonably quiet so you can talk to the passangers in the back seat without raising your voice.  The automatic climate control is smart enough to put enouth warm or cool air where it is needed and the system is quiet on all but the highest fan speeds.On the road the car is a real joy.  The 2L turbo engine feels like a big V-8.  This car has real, usable power from 2500-6000 RPM.  Shift if you want, not because you have to.  That is a good thing because the 5 speed is a little slower than my Acura.  I would put the transmission on par with our VW Passat.  The ratios are well thought out with the exception of the large spacing between first and second.  Once you are in second, the remaining ratios are right where they belong and complement the engine nicely.  Decent power is available in 5th from 60 on up.  The car will drive along at 50 but don't expect to accelerate very quickly.  When going 70 power is great!  Down shifts are optional when passing and completely unnecessary on hills.  I get between 28 and 30 MPG on my car.The suspension is on the soft side of sporty.  The car tends to lean a bit on corners, however, the heeling over does not upset the car's composure.  I found I initially slowed down around corners when I first got this car but quickly realized that was unnecessary.  The car has lots of grip and is very tolerant of expansion joints around corners.  Torque steer is noticable, but I never thought it was a problem.  You will get a slight vagueness in the steering under hard acceleration, but, the wheel never tries to turn in your hands.  Overall, it is much less noticable in the Saab than in our 95 Passat.One last thing worth mentioning, this car's trunk is huge.  Nothing short of a station wagon or van can touch it for storage space.  When you fold the back seat down, you practically have a station wagon.  If you want a sports car but still need to carry stuff, this car can't be beat.One final note, I have 12,000 miles on my car so far and have not had a single problem (knock wood).  Based on my experience, Saab's troublesome reputation is completely undeserved.
I wouldn't get a Saab again.  I am on a lease and I have two more years - wish I didn't.  The total value is about $35K.  Like I said - it was fun for a while, but I won't do it again.
After almost two years I still think this is a fantastic car.  It is great to drive and very comfortable.  The turbo boosts performance so that it is close to the 6 cylinder BMW - close - but thousands of dollars less.I have not had any problems with my 9-3, but I know of a couple of other Saab owners who have had some minor problems.
The lease deal is what sold the car:$325/mo. w/$2k down for a supposedly $41k automobile. The math doesn't work-this car is being massively subsidized by saab/gm.The car itself is attractive and competent. It certainly meets my needs in its primary role as a freeway driver. It lacks the steering, handling, powertrain smoothness and build quality of my BMW convertible. In return you get a more comfortable ride,more comfortable seats, and lots more room. Its more a car for grown-ups, and that group now seems to include me.
Great car with lots of personality.  Once you get used to the turbo engine (I have the 200hp high output version) it really moves.  While a little weak off the line, there are few cars that can stay with it after it's rolling (and the turbo is spooled up).  Body rolls more than I'd like, but it doesn't appear to affect the roadholding capability any.  I've heard stories about Saab reliabilty being less than stellar, but I'm impressed so far.  10K miles without a single problem.  Compared to my other previous cars, the Saab appears to be built with much better materials - it should last a long time.  Be sure to check out lease deals.  In my case it was cheaper to lease the car and purchase it at lease end, then to buy it upfront.  This is due to the large lease incentives that Saab runs on a regular basis.
I absolutely love the car, I always drive a standard and this shifts like butter. The hatch has sooo much room. Its a beautiful khaki green with black trim.
I've purchased this Saab 93 Viggen at Three Rivers BMW. I was dreaming about this car for a long time and one time could not resist anymore and sold my old Toyota Paseo. Finally it happened-they delivered it right to my door. However, the excitement was ruined on the second day when the message 'Fill up coolant' appeared on my display. It turned out that the head gasket valve needed to be replaced. It cost me $920.00.   Never did I think that they could sell me a car with such a big defect. I finally got it fixed up and inspite of that I am reveling this car. I don't mind routine maintenance but repairs like that on the car that is only four years old empty my pockets pretty quickly.
I wasn't prepared for the sheer joy that comes from driving this car. A Saab performs like no other vehicle, and for my first 'new(er)' car, I am extremely satisfied. You can drive the 9-3 as if it were a sports car, or you can drive it like a regular vehicle - it performs both ways and does it well.    The Saab is a different animal and it takes a little while to 'get the hang of it' but it's a true driver's car.    If I could make one recommendation to anyone who is considering a Saab purchase - see if you can test drive one that has a set of Nokian tires on it. Many Saab enthusiasts will put them on their Saabs, and these tires really are made for the car. There is a huge difference in handling, and using Nokian tires brings out a whole other 'side' of the car's performance.
The more we use this car, the more we love it.   Buying a used car with 80,000 miles on it we never expected it to be perfect, but it's close!    It took a little detailing to bring it back the way it should be, and the A/C needed a recharge, but that was it. Okay, the top still has a slight problem (the tonneau cover never seems to open far enough at the first attempt), but it works, so what the hey!    The car now has 90,000 on it, and will be ours until it dies.   The car is extremely attractive, and is frequently mistaken for new (though a look at the leather on the drivers seat would stifle that belief!) It is fast (with the 'sport' selection made on the box), handles well, and is extremely well put together.   I have added a K&N filter which has improved both economy & performance, and other than routine maintenance, it's just been a case of filling it up!   Having test driven a 900 convertible a few years back, this had since been my wife's dream car. Late last year we managed to make her dream come true. I'm glad these cars are so under-rated, it made ours affordable. Almost no-one wants to believe we only paid $11000 for it. It is difficult not goet out of this car after a drive without a smile on your face. Even with mid-forties temperatures (it was a cold winter in Florida this year) the heated seats make it fun to ride with the top down.
I'd strongly recommend a Saab. Quality has been superb- my 9-3 has never been in for unscheduled maintenance. The unique style certainly makes the car stand out, and the chicks dig it!! (Oh, for you ladies, guys probably go for it too)
Definately quirky but a blast to drive. Passing other cars is easy and not stressful. Build quiality has been good and despite living in an area of potlholes and frost heaves, no bent rims or rattles from the vehicle.
I would definitely recommend this car for anyone looking for a practical sports sedan/coupe in the $26-32,000 catagory.  Haven't had any problems after 15 months/33,000 miles of ownership.  
I was looking to buy a sports car, I looked at the BMW 328i convertible the Audi A-4 Convertible and the SAAB 9-3 convertible. Well all I can say is SAAB proved that the can be truth in advertising, They say 'People who test drive a SAAB usually buy a SAAB.' Let me tell you its a ROCKET! don't get me wrong BMW and AUDI make very nice cars and they look very nie when I'm looking at then in MY REAR VIEW MIRROR!!!!
My first Saab. I talked to several dedicated Saab owners who gave good advice. Prior to purchasing, I looked at Audi A4, Volkswagen (all models),Oldsmobile, Buick and the Mini.    I love the car in every way. I don['t like my lease agreement. I wanted to buy, but my salesman thought I would be better off with the lease. Bad decision. If I could get out of the lease and purchase the car, I would.
This particular car would have sold for $29,775, and I probably would not have bought it at that price (I would have spent the money on an Audi A4). However, Saab is offering a great lease deal, and an $1000 owner loyalty certificate from Oldsmobile valid for any GM product made for a very reasonable monthly payment.     The hatchback model which sold for several years was, in my opinion, weird looking. This totally new car is built on GM's Epsilon platform which will eventually underpin the next Chevrolet Malibu and Pontiac Grand Am. The car now sports a conventional trunk, and the styling, which is much more Germanic in appearance but still maintains its Saab identity, is very attractive. The interior, with lots of grey and black touches, has a very businesslike appearance. The display in the center of the dash at the base of the windshield which shows the time, outside temperature, radio station and other information is a well-designed touch.    This car feels very poised on the road and the driver always feels in control of the vehicle. Handling is excellent, even though the steering feel is a bit light. Braking is very good, and the car has just about every safety feature known to man, from side curtain airbags to a skid-control system. Acceleration and low-end torque are very good for a four-cylinder engine, thanks to a low-pressure turbocharger. Turbo lag is barely noticeable. The five-speed automatic shifts intuitively, and there is also manual control available, similar to Audi's Tiptronic feature. The 9-3 is not quite as refined or responsive as the Audi A4, but is still a very impressive car in many respects. Highly recommended if you can get a good deal.
I feel the car competes very well with the best in it's class (Lexus IS300, BMW 3-Series, Infiniti G35....) and because of Saabs great leasing offers, you can save $100-$300 per month over the competition. I opted for the Launch (in-dash 6 CD changer, power sunroof/moonroof, 16 inch wheels)and Touring packages (automatic dual zone climate control, bi-zenon headlights), along with heated seats and headlamp washers.
For the money, you won't find a better car. The safety and performance features are astounding. The Linear engine could use a little more horsepower but delivers fast, smooth power that is very impressive for it' srating. The Arc and Vector editions will probably solve that problem.
This car is for someone who enjoys owning a car.  It probably would not appeal to someone who views a car as a mode of transportation form point A to B.  I enjoy the passing power and the cargo space.  It holds an amazing amount of stuff.My dislikes are the aforementioned surging problem (it only happens when it's really hot out).  I find the stereo to be a joke for a car in this price range.  With new models coming out from Volvo, Mercedes and BMW plus the existing Audi a4 series, Saab will need to do some serious retooling and incorporating more bang for the buck or the competition will have them for lunch.  The worst thing they could do would be to allow their new owners (GM) to get their hands on the car.  The only excitement with a GM car is when you're trading it in.
I have a love hate relationship with this car. I don't think I will ever own a SAAB again in my life....I have alot of experience with SAABS. My brother drives a 9-5 and my parents have a 9-3 SE. All have had quirky problems that we have never had in any of our previous cars plus many trips to the shop to sort out all of the bugs is a real bummer on such an expensive car. NOT READY FOR PRIME TIME. While I love my SAAB, I am looking forward to the day I get rid of it and move on.
It's a cool car in terms of image but not in terms of ownership. Where do I start? I'll keep it brief: The Saab's quirkiness strays way too far from mainstream. I like the concept and image it tries to portray. Yes, it's an alternative to the norm but Saab takes it too far. There are just way too many important deciencies the 9-3 has working against it's cool image. First, there is the build quaility; one just expects more in the class it plays in. Second, the 9-3's aging chasis surfaces in the form of poor ride quality. Again, a lower classman amongst it's competitors. My buddies Volkswagen at half the price stomps the 9-3 in quality. Lastly, it has the worst ergonomics I've ever seen in any car regardless of price. You shouldn't have to have a PHD and magnifier to operate the climate controls. I tried to love this car but it just didn't out.
Saab 9-3 is a fun, affordable luxury car. A zippy and unique, sporty little car at  a very affordable luxury price. The car's greatest assets are its comfortable interior, Turbo charge, and turning capacity (not much worry a/b rollover). Weaknesses are odd drivers side seat and petal alignment and notoriously slippery wiring - watch your radio and panels (speed dials, gas, etc) carefully and make sure you get tune ups! All together though an awesome car, worth the buy, I would definitely look into owning Saabs long into the future after this car.
A very class act, with lots of gadgets combined with good handleing and a acceleration that leaves 90% of other cars far behind.The A.C.C (climite control) is very effective which means the car never mists up or gets to hot or cold.A very safe car, ideal for the family or for the person looking for something different.
Can't stop driving this car!! Where have they been hiding. Drives like a dream has everything from leather to heated front and rear seats.High output turbo makes it drive like a rocket,totally impressed!
Great Used Car Value if you can find one that's been well taken car of. Mine had only 54K miles and checked out well with a mechanic. It did have a fairly small dent on the lower front driver's side which I had fixed for about a grand and now you wouldn't know it was ever dented. SAABs have massive depreciation. This car does not feel like a $42,000 convertible--it's new car sticker price. However, cars have vastly improved since 1997 and there has since been a huge race to increase hoursepower by most car manufacturers; hence its huge depreciation. Car handles well and feels solid but has large turbo lag. It's a slug off the line. The turbo doesn't kick in until 3rd gear and about 3000 rpms, but then it feels like a V6. Also has torque steer. Very comfortable leather seats, nice 160 Watt stereo with 6 CD Changer in trunk, seat warmers, auto top. Get the manual if you want performance. The auto transmission is really poor and cheap feeling. This is a great used car, but I can't imaging anyone buying a SAAB new. They're almost as expensive as BMWs and really aren't in the same league performance-wise. However, SAAB seems to offer very cheap lease deals to attract buyers away from BMW, AUDI and Mercedes.    I give the value rating 5 stars for its used car value on this excellant deal. SAAB sell way below the Kelly Blue Book price, so don't let a dealer try to screw you. Dealers can pick them up for a only few grand at auctions and they have a dismal trade-in value.
I wouldn't buy another one.  Maybe a 9-5, but not a 9-3 or 900.  The handling overall was only fair, except on the straightaway up Upper Market, where more than one cocky kid in a BMW, Mustang, Audi, etc., got left in the fog.    But for an all-around car, it had too little rear-passenger room, and the prospect of cranky mechanical problems down the road.  The nearest dealer was also a long ride away (Redwood City).
I bought another Saab because I was tired of pouring money into my under powered (yet still only getting 17 mpg) mini-van; yet I still wanted something capable of hauling my dogs (Whippets), and my mountain bike.  I wanted more mileage and better performance (my mini-van had neither (you can read my review of it in the mini-van section)).  I wanted traction (I didn't need 4WD or AWD so I didn't need another under-powered-lousy-gas-mileage SUV) so the front wheel drive Saab was perfect.  I briefly thought about Subaru but I'm too much of a snob and wanted to to euro.  And I looked at Audi but they want too much money for what you get (IMHO), so I ended up with a used Saab and couldn't be more pleased.I rated the 'Value' at 5 stars because for a used Saab I think that's what you get.  I don't think you can rate a new Saab that high because they depreciate too much, too fast.  I gave an 'Overall' rating of 4 stars because I don't think there is a 5 star vehicle on the planet, there are just too many comprises a car has to make, and no one vehicle can be all things to all people.
Great looking car, 3-spoke Viking alloys are sweet, turbo takes a while to exploit but cracking once your used to it, chassis is iffy; reluctant to take it around corners too fast, it's not a light car like a Integra.     Engine is super smooth, feels like a big V6, gear changes are slow, but great power and range in 3rd make up for it. Torque steer is not a problem, you get used to avoiding it very quickly.    Avoid 2.3 V6 models, they are known to have many mechanical flaws. Great support available from www.saabnet.com    Proper maintenance is essential, these cars can be very reliable or absolute pigs, repairs can cost mega $$$, get a warranty, mine has already paid for itself (within 3 months of ownership!). 9-3 models are supposed to be much better built, less GM components.
Fun car to drive.  Reliable (100,000 miles). Much more fun after few upgrades at the local tuner shop.  Get an upgraded ECU from Abbott Racing and new exhaust as a start for extra 50 horses and Nm of torque.  Spend few more bucks and you can get it easily to 250+hp.  Just then have to spend cash on the suspension, etc. to handle this much power.  Turbo is great. Space (interior/trunk) is plenty for this relatively small car.
This particular vehicle was my second Saab and I do not regret this purchase.  I have never had any problems with either of my two Saabs other than the ignition coil failing at one hundred thousand kilometers, a three hundred dollar replacement value.  I found it to be quite peppy and fun to drive.  I was also quite fond of its unique, one of a kind styling that set it appart from all other vehicles on the road.
What a great car.  I have 54,000 miles and haven''t had a problem yet.  I have been a strong believer in SAABS AND VOLVOS since college.  I have the original tires and brakes.  I still have 1/2 life on the factory Michelins.
I am finally getting rid of this hunk of crap!! After 1 year of ownership..and about a million visits to the dealership to have various parts fixed, I am getting rid of it!! Fixed everything from the exhaust system and motor mounts...to the coolant system and radio!!! I have had enough. I do not even trust this car enough to take it on a trip anywhere more than 10 miles from home!! The dealership sucked as well...and the dreaded blue book told me my $12,900 car was only worth 5,000 one year later. just love when I finance upside down...I owe more after a year than the car is worth. A lemon of a car and a lemon of a dealership!! My saab story is over!!!
What an awesome car! I get so many compliments on this vehicle. I only paid $14,000 in 1999. I have every option and have only had one problem...the whistling windshield. It was a 2 minute fix. I visit SAABNET.com and have any question answered. I can't say enough about this wonderful car. It handles well and gets great gas mileage. You cannot get a car like this by any other maker for this price. I will only buy Saabs, Volvos, and Toyota Camrys form now on.
No doubt, the 900 S is a stylish car and has that unique quirkiness that makes Saabs so much fun. I have owned the car for 3 years and found it reliable in most respects and very fun to drive. Despite some minor drawbacks with the functioning of the convertible top and some minor parts issues, it has been a reliable car and contnues to run strong at over 100 K miles.
I purchased the 1995 LHS off of a 2 year lease from a leasing company. It had 28,000 miles on it. I loved the car for comfort and features as well as performance. However, two kinds of problems arose over the 5 years and 60,000 miles that I owned the car, big problems and little, nagging problems. ?xD;?xA;1.) Transmission rebuilt at 58,000 miles - around $2,000?xD;?xA;2.) Water Pump at 76,000 miles $400?xD;?xA;3.) Transmission again at 80,000 miles - The second time, they said that the first job was done incorrectly and incompletely even though I paid for a full rebuild job.?xD;?xA;4.) Periodic overheating - probably 3-5 times a year. I replaced the thermostat but the problem reappeard shortly thereafter. Seemed to crop up in transition from highway speeds to getting stuck in traffic. I was convinced that sooner or later I would not notice the gauge and burn up my engine.?xD;?xA;5.) Starter fails to crank sometimes but always started, eventually - mystery problem that mechanic couldn''t figure out?xD;?xA;?xD;?xA;I finally grew tired and sold the car to Carmax for $2,800 or so at 87,000 miles. Too bad since this is a pretty luxury car with nice features. My kids protested loudly when they heard I was getting rid of the Chrysler. They loved the comfort of the rear seat.?xD;?xA;?xD;?xA;Oh yeah, I would never buy a Chrysler product again although I would consider a three year lease and promptly dump the vehicl
I love this car.  I was a bit scared to buy it, since I'd heard mixed things about Saabs.  But I've owned this car seven years and it has been a real joy to own.  After seven years, you'd expect major horror stories, but I don't have any.  It's been a joy since day one.
This car is terrible been in the shop alot more then on the road!
the car is a tad bit heavy for something in its class, but its power really makes up for it, the weight hurts it in initial take off, but a good pedal mash gets it going. Also, i was lucky enough to get hit by a pathfinder a year ago, and it hit the drivers side from the bumper to the middle of the door, the damage came to about $3000, and luckly, the other driver paid for the whole thing!!! (screw her, her car had NO damage). Everything had to be rebuilt, it took two months to get my car back. Thats probably the main weekness of the car, is the fact that it takes to long to get parts for it, or maybe thats just the body shops fault, oh well, it only has 65000 miles on it now, and it runs perfectly (and is valued for about $12000) this is a car worth holding on to!!!! If anyone out there knows of companies that make upgrade for saab (chips and such) please email me
This is a very stylish car and it’s _great_to_ look_at and drive. Handles great, good power for a 4 cylinder turbo. Car looks to be in excellent condition, thought we were getting a gem of a car. We bought this car with 28,000 miles on it. Pristine condition.  Now has 34,000 miles.
Excellent car for the money.  Solid, fun, and safe.  Great service as well.  I went on a long trip and the car was extremely comfortable.
Gorgeous car, and am truly impressed with it in all ways. I don't know why there is an LHS review mixed in with the saab reviews, but it lowers the overall ratings.
A wonderful car overall. For a normal lifespan it was reliable, resiliant and fun. I just sold it last year, because it was starting to fall apart finally (at over 200K). I got more than my money's worth on that car.
Where do I begin, I love this car so much. It is extremely reliable, and never in the shop. My car has 178,000 miles on it and it has 178,000 miles to go. There are no dents or dings on it, but it is old, which is the only reason why i would get a new vehicle. i want something hip and happenin'.
This is not a review, I just want to tell you that the 900 is NOT the same as the 9-3, even though some of you seem to believe so....    The 9-3 looks the same but is based on a totally different chassis and many other new parts... simply better than the 900!
Nothing out there like it. If you like the car's looks (and some don't), you can't make a better purchase>
(pre 1997 Model) - This is a car to fall in love with --- stylish, agile, peppy, loads of fun to drive. No major repairs required.
I went from a large SUV to the 2007 9-5 Aero Sport Wagon roughly four weeks ago. Great decision on my part. I thoroughly checked out all the so-called competition and I felt the Saab wagon 9-5 won hands down. The lower cost vehicles just didn't compare and the higher cost vehicles didn't have anywhere near enough added value in oder to justify the substantial extra cost. One might say that all-wheel-drive is a must, but I find the front wheel drive is just fine and you benefit from added gas mileage as well. I'm extremely pleased with the car overall. I don't live at the gas station anymore. The comfort is great and it handles like a sports car. The cargo area is bigger than anything in it's class with extra storage under the cargo floor. The only two minor things I have to complain about, is the lack of front area usable cup holders and an annoying rattle behind the instrument panel. I haven't owned the vehicle long enough in oder to comment about maintenance. I personally recommend the Aero version over that of the basic; much sportier. As a personal observation; the navigation system offered by Saab and it's competition is a complete rip-off unless you have money to burn; you're way ahead of the game just to purchase a portable GPS separately.
I went from a large SUV to the 2007 9-5 Aero Sport Wagon roughly four weeks ago. Great decision on my part. I thoroughly checked out all the so-called competition and I felt the Saab wagon 9-5 won hands down. The lower cost vehicles just didn't compare and the higher cost vehicles didn't have anywhere near enough added value in order to justify the substantial extra cost. One might say that all-wheel-drive is a must, but I find the front wheel drive is just fine and you benefit from added gas mileage as well. I'm extremely pleased with the car overall. I don't live at the gas station anymore. The comfort is great and it handles like a sports car. The cargo area is bigger than anything in it's class with extra storage under the cargo floor. The only two minor things I have to complain about, is the lack of front area usable cup holders and an annoying rattle behind the instrument panel. I haven't owned the vehicle long enough in oder to comment about maintenance. I personally recommend the Aero version over that of the basic; much sportier. As a personal observation; the navigation system offered by Saab and it's competition is a complete rip-off unless you have money to burn; you're way ahead of the game just to purchase a portable GPS separately.
My first Saab. I think there will be more in my future. This car replaced a Mercedes 230. I truly loved the Mercedes, but I need something larger. I no longer miss it though.  The Sport Combi is a hard one to peg. The power is awesome. Hold on to the wheel, take a deep breath, and brace yourself before you stomp the gas pedal. The traditional 'turbo-lag' is minimal, but still there.  The comfort has a Mercedes feel...almost.The seats are great, but the doors scream 'I came from General Motors!')  The handling? I drove this thing from Canada to Florida through the mountains of Virginia. My wife said it was a a little scarey to see the goofy wide eyed grin on my face from morning till night. She was also quite annoyed with me for never letting her have a turn at driving this beauty.  The redesign of the body is attractive.. for a 'Station-wagon'. No manufacturer is gonna get caught calling one of their vehicles a 'station-wagon'. It seems now a days that's the Marketing kiss of death for sales. However if it looks like a duck, I call it a duck.  I am truly enjoying the number of compliments and comments from people, everytime I am beside the car. I thought it looked great for a 'Station-wagon', from the start, but I thought it was just me. The compliments and head turns from the Twenty and Thirty-sometings really freaked me out in the beginning.   After four months and 14,000 kilometres, the honey moon is still on. No problems to report whatsover,..so far. Love the roomy storage that the back end offers. It suits my life style for hauling stuff. Thoughtful tie-downs are a nice touch. Love the coffee cup holder. I thought my Mercedes had first prize for cool design, but Saab must have spent a fortune coming up with this thing. Just try and not play with it during the first few weeks of ownership.  The interior is nicely finished with Two-tone saddle-stiched leather seats. (option)
Great car, especially if you like something different. It is quick, economical, sporty, comfortable, attractive, unique, fun.  Bought it new after selling a 92 9000s - 4 cyl. with 155k miles on it that I bought new. I have driven the 2005 31k miles in 18 months. So far the only problem is a horn that doesn't work on one of the four steering wheel quadrants. The car easily gets 30+ mpg on highways at 70+ mph in sporty comfort with loads of stuff in the back. Carries 5 adults comfortably. Happy that I don't have an SUV. Sad that Saab dropped the four. I hope the upcoming redesign doesn't destroy the character.
I leased the vehicle. All in all I enjoy this car but I'm not in love with it. I will look at the newest Saab when my lease expires. I will also shop the field.
Just about said it all in the strengths. Fantastic car, zero problems with our car. I expect it will just keep growing on us as it ages...
Paid about $37500 for it, and would recommend it for those looking at SUV's.  I was comparing it to the Ford Explorer, Lexus RX300, etc, but it won hands down.  Lots of cargo carrying space, zippy performance, and looks cool, even for a wagon!
I'm not sure if this was a bad production year for Saab or if my car in particular did not meet my expectations.  I really enjoyed driving this vehicle everyday but after 12 to 14 service visits and continuing problems (which appear almost daily)I would not consider buying another product from Saab.  I do not have any faith in this vehicle's reliability.  Unfortunately, for the price, this car tends to be much more affordable to the average consumer then the Audi and BMW, especially since Saab offers a factory incentive to move its product.  But when you consider, you get what you pay for, then I'll pay the extra $150/month for an Audi A-6.
I got it with 7k miles on it with the heated front/rear seats for only $26.5K-- you just don't get bargains like that with any other manufacturer.  And it has one of the best reliability ratings in its price category.  Even if it wasn't such a steal (i.e. I had the money to buy a new one) I would take the 9-5 over any other mid-size including the BMW 528 and Audi A6 in its class.  Besides being faster than both of them (not the 540 or bigger engine A6 but rather the respective two in this price range), the Saab is also way more comfortable.  And, in most areas, you don't have to be labeled an instant yuppie b/c you drive one.
This car was a 'loaner' that the dealer gave to people while their car was being worked on.  I got it with about 7700 miles on it and it has been great to drive.  I have the base 2.3L inline 4 engine, but it has plenty of pickup and I have had no trouble passing people on the interstate.  The car is very comfortable for long trips and I plan on keeping this car for at least 5-7 more years.  Anyone planning on getting a BMW or Volvo I urge you to drive the 9-5SE.  You'll be happy you did
   I HAVE LEASED THIS CAR FOR A 36 MONTH TERM OF WHICH I AM INTO THE 33RD MONTH.  INITIALLY, I LOVED THIS CAR AND APPRECIATED THE DISTINCTIVE STYLING AND GOOD PERFORMANCE FROM A SPIRITED ENGINE.    ALL I CAN SAY IS THANK GOD I LEASED THIS CAR AND DID NOT BUY IT!!!  THIS CAR HAS BEEN IN FOR SERVICE NUMEROUS TIMES AND SEEMS TO GET WORSE WITH EACH PASSING WEEK. THESE ARE THE PROBLEMS THAT I HAVE EXPERIENCED:1) LIGHTS ARE ALWAYS BURNING OUT, ACTUALLY EVERY MONTH, AT LEAST 1.2) THE ENGINE HAS STALLED NUMEROUS TIMES IN THE WORST POSSIBLE LOCATIONS AND TIMES. ONE TIME IT STALLED IN THE GHETTO SECTION OF DETROIT, AT 2AM !!! WE HAD TO BE TOWED BACK TO CANADA.  AFTER 3 VISITS TO THE DEALERSHIP, THEY FINALLY SEEMED TO FIX THE PROBLEM, CLAIMING THAT THIS WAS THE FIRST TIME THEY EXPERIENCED THIS PROBLEM. (HA!)JUST LAST WEEK THE ENGINE STARTED TO STALL AGAIN!3) THE CAR RATTLES LIKE A NORTH AMERICAN CAR!4) PAY ATTENTION TO THIS.  THE CAR SHAKES AT SPEED WHILE GOING OVER SMALL BUMPS.  THIS IS VERY DANGEROUS!  THE DEALER CLAIMS THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH THE SUSPENSION.  I HEARD THROUGH THE GRAPEVINE THAT THE 3 SPOKE RIMS ARE FAULTY AND ARE THE ROOT CAUSE FOR THIS PROBLEM.   HAS ANYONE ELSE EXPERIENCED A SIMILAR PROBLEM???????5) BRAKE DUST ARE A PAIN TO CLEAN.6) GENERAL ELECTRICAL FLAWS.  2 BATTERIES/1 ALTERNATOR.7) I AM TIRED OF BRINGING THE CAR IN FOR SERVICE.
I have had considerable problems with the car, though I like the understated lines.
First, do not be astonished by the price: We pay 100% taxes on cars, and prices are accordingly...However, SAAB gas a trrible reputaion in Israel. Thats why I maged to buy a 2 year old car, with 45K miles including leather and sunroof for no less than 40% the price of a new 2001 model...I like the car. It runs although I had been twice in for repairs, one of them was a recall.The reason I am here is to ask those of you from hot areas if they are satisfied with the air-condion of this car. I think it stinks!!! too weak and too noisy, especially if one engages the internal air circulation option. If the car parke outside on a hot and humid day, the aircondition can hardly do the job, even after 30 minutes. Please respond
Nice looking car, rides ok but nothing like my previous european cars, steering feels a little cheap for a car in this class.  Motor is strong (4 cylinder) and automatic is smooth shifting though only a 4-speed.
Handles well and a good car to take on a trip. Storage is adequate and I like the cupholders.    On the downside, the list is long. The car is 'tinny' and does not feel as solid on the road as it did during the testdrive. There have been many mechanical issues and several parts have been on backorder. Why pay for a 9-5 if it is in the shop all the time and they give you a lesser 9-3 as a loaner?     I thought Saab made better products. I will never lease or buy another one.
I bought this car because it was different. Boy, have I been learning the hard way how being different can really COST you in time and patience. While the car is a comfortable car, with the exception of the HORRIBLE LEATHER SEATS (they are wearing like a cheap piece of furniture), I have been stranded twice and have had the car back at the dealer three times in the past two months. Failed ICU, Direct Ignition problems, and recently 'Blue Smoke' (bad turbo). The car is comfortable to drive but it has proven thus far to be about as reliable as a Yugo. Unless you want to be really quirky (it's a GM, afterall, so it's not too far out of the ordinary) look elsewhere. I'm being serious and honest; I would feel less threatened by another breakdown if I took my ten year old Ford on a road trip.
This is as much a review of a certified pre-owned experience as the car itself. My experience (at least with SAAB) is that the dealer does not run anything like a '1,000 point inspection' so don't expect that problems have been rectified before hand or that SAAB only accepts perfect cars. They don't. They will, on the other hand be happy to pay for repairs that come under a fairly generous warranty. If you are not aware of this going in the experience can of course be frustrating as problems develope which are usually left-over from the previous owner. In other words, look for a cream-puff and check the ownership records-if all good you should be fine.
This is the second 95 I have owned. The first was a 1999. I had very few problems with the first which is what prompted me to get the second. Maybe I was lucky....maybe not. The car handles well and has plenty of room for stuff; kids, dogs, tools, bikes, skis, etc. The engine has plenty of power and really goes.
Overall, this is an incredible car to drive. From performance to luxury; and  rated one of the safest cars in the  world. Our other car is a newer BMW 3..great car, but the 9-5 AERO overall is  more enjoyable to drive.
Best overall car ever owned. Although have not had the car long enough to judge reliability, I expect the car to be average. If SAAB advertised, they would be selling a lot more of these.
Remarkably sporty.  The car encourages you to use its performance, and behaves extremely well when driven hard.  However, it's perfectly comfortable around town.  On the highway, the cruise control is a godsend, as otherwise you'll be seduced into cruising at 100 MPH.  The posted speed limit seems *slow*, because the car is so sure-footed, stable, and comfortable.The interior takes 'ergonomic' to new levels, with features like heated and ventilated seats, an automatic climate control that turns on the rear defroster for you on cold mornings, avionics-quality displays that are always readable, and the world's coolest cupholder.  The car's Nordic heritage shines through on cold, windy, lake-effect snow laden Rochester mornings.  The seat is comfortable, even after 6 hours of thruway driving.  The car fits me like an old, supple, perfectly sized glove.The audio system is excellent.  Nine Harman/Kardon speakers are mated with a CD/cassette head unit that features both Dolby B and C noise reduction, interior-noise sensitive volume, cell phone integration, automatic programming of presets when you're travelling, and weather band reception.  The antenna is integrated with the rear window, and provides exceptional reception--when the rear defroster is off.  When the defroster is on, reception is on a par with most domestic cars' standard whip antenna.Everywhere, you will find little touches that show unusual thoughtfulness on the part of the designer.  Every aspect of this car shows care in design, and a tight integration of all the car's systems.  The rear defroster, which is linked to the outside temperature sensor, is one example.  The driver's cupholder stores in a vertical slot, and swivels into position when deployed.  In use, it's at a perfect position for finding your drink without taking your eyes off the road, and it doesn't block the use of anything on the dashboard.  The glovebox has an air conditioning outlet which can keep it at refrigerator temperature, even when the cabin is being heated.  A highway hazard triangle is standard, and stows into a niche on the trunk lid, where it's easy to get to.  There are many nice things like this, which are cool, but not gimmicky (as on many American 'luxury' cars).In terms of safety, I cannot say enough in praise of the car.  I have actually had an accident in my 9-5, which did considerable damage to the front of the car.  To the surprise of all involved, there were no injuries.  I walked away without so much as a bruise.  If I had any small doubt before the accident, I have none now: when this 9-5 reaches the end of its life, I'll be buying another Saab.  I have no doubt that I could have survived an accident two or three times as violent as the one I experienced, thanks to my Saab.  The U.S. insurance institute's 'marginal' rating is an anomaly.  By their own admission, their test procedure doesn't reflect real life, and the difference is what caused the 'injury' that prompted them to issue the 'marginal' rating.  (Their dummy's leg was injured when positioned over the gas pedal in the crash.  In real life, a driver's foot would typically be pressed hard against the brake pedal, which is in a different position and has additional shielding features.)  The EuroNCAP tests and insurance injury payout claims back up the 9-5's position of safety excellence.My 9-5 has had its share of trips to the dealership, but all for minor things that I have come to expect as 'normal' in a modern car.  None of the problems have directly affected the vehicle's drivability. Certainly, it is far, far less of a 'garage queen' than the Dodge Intrepid I leased previously.  I have no reservations about the mechanical reliability of my Saab.If you want a sedan which is incredibly safe, a reasonable substitute for a low-end sports car, comfortable, and not a cookie-cutter clone, you definitely want to look at a 9-5.Who shouldn't buy a 9-5?  Well, if you can't afford it, you can't afford it.  I'd suggest a 9-3, or a used Saab.
This is my first Saab and I like the quirkiness of the center mount ignition, the center mount window switches.  A lot of stuff thrown in without the need of a lot of options. Got the leather seats and would be interesting if it was equipped with the back ventilation option.I drove a SE w/6 cylinder and was intrigued but it sounded guttural.  I later found out that this was because the six was a GM engine. I'd buy another one. 
with this car i have experience good traveling fr fast driving in road real good car it response real good.
We've owned Saabs for a long time and have always liked the size and comfort in a sporty package. This one is the best Saab we've ever seen but it has not been that reliable, which from reading other reviews seems to be a common theme. There have been consistent small electrical issues (headlights andinterior lights, etc.) as well as one engine issue. The car has gotten a bit pricey as well, although I do recommend buyingused rather than new as they take a pretty big hit in resale inthe first year. The sticker of our car was $38k and we paid $27.5k with 8000 miles. Good car-just don't expect perfection.I wonder whether a lot of the reliability issues have been addressed in the '01's?
Overall, I would recommend this car to anyone.  Even with the re-design in 1999, the Saab stands out as unique on the road.  There is no mistaking it for another car, and to me that is nice.  I think the price is reasonable for what you get and we will most likely buy another one in a few years.  I may be fortunate in that I have had no problems with my car, but a co-worker owns a 1999 9-3 and he hasn't had any problems that I am aware of either (except for the computer recall).  He also raves about his, so I believe Saab to be a reliable manufacturer.
It has been on the road for over 2 1/2 years and has been the shop between 18 and 20 times.  Lost all of its coolant and in the process of repairing that they put a hole in the emissions hose and still needed to put more coolant in.  My dash lights have gone out, my foglights rarely work together and the front end wobbles despite the fact of never being in an accident.  I am in the process of litigating under the guidelines of the Lemon Law.  Saab has been most unhelpful throughout.  The dealership will only take $15,000 for it on trade--says a lot about the resale.  I will never buy another Saab again and will talk all of my country club friends out of buying one.  Yours truly,  Saretta Rowland.
I bought my 9-5 in the UK for about 5600 pounds, that's about $8,000, after owning a non turbo 9000CSE, I liked the 9000 but missed the power. (i had previously owned 8 mercedes c-class 280's). I saw the 9-5 for sale from a guy about 230 miles from me amd just bought it on a whim over the internet. I travelled up to get her and love it to bits. I have had my Saab specialist fit a tuned up management system and boost valve and get 220 hp but 35 mpg. I love this car, it is the best car I have had that I didn't owe finance on. Plus it is big enough to act as a family run about. I can travel 200 miles in it and get to meetings feeling relatively fresh, well done Saab. I am concerned that it my be developing a fault with the direct ignition unit at only 70,000 miles but at 220 dollars here in the UK it's cheap enough. I am a car designer by trade and would have another Saab 9-5 without hesitation, maybe a 9-5 Aero next though.
Like many opinions already expressed, love the car when it's running, probably the nicest car to drive I've owned yet. Unfortunately, I was looking to buy a new car that I could just drive for 3 years. This car has spent more time at the dealer than ANY vehicle I've owned (age = mid 40's). List of problems includes a 3 inch thick file at the dealer. Bought the car new, all service according to manual at dealer and it has only 90k km. List of problems includes premature brake wear (ok now), SID display replaced 4 times, T7 Trionics computer replaced twice, cruise control operation erratic, would not start (stranded, computer problem again), turbo replaced ($2k, thank goodness for warr), constantly catching leaves in fan blower unit (need dealer to clean out), replaced ds headlamp wiper motor. Now car needs a new throttle body ($1k). All this and smaller annoyances (ie: replace in dash cup holder) with less than 60k miles on it!! SAAB you have really pissed me off! Now that it is out of warranty I HAVE to get rid of it.
Drives well when it drives, but it is an absolutely wretched product that has left my family and me stranded twice.
This thing is a tank! Love it... still handles better than most cars made today. Despite the expensive repairs or 'Saab' stories, it's still the best car I've ever owned. looks damn good too!
I have owned this car for 18 months of which 3 it has spent in the shop.The quality of this car is poor and it is too bad since the overall design is great.Th dealers and SAAB USA do not have a clue what is going on with their cars.I am on my second head gasket,8 computer and the car is still not fixed.The dealer is as frustrated as I am .I have 12 documented visits in one year to the dealer for problems.These cars are really bad.
I have had this car since new.  Buyer beware!  I will never buy another Saab again.  I've convinced myself that if the car has to go back to the dealer three times again in one month, I'm getting rid of it.
RUN FROM THIS CAR! We've had the car 4 months and it's been in the shop 9, yes 9, times. Transmission blew in 2nd week, xmission leak for the past 3 months, electric seat adjustments stopped working, brake lights stopped working.
Fantastic car.  This is my 7th SAAB and I never stop enjoying this grat brand.  The car is ultra comfortable, very well appointed, great seats, great audio system.  it handles supremely well and the torque is out of the world.  Of course it is pleasurable to leave the Porches in the dust (yes - look at the comparisons in terms of acceleration) but it is equally important in the crazy traffic in New York and/or the highway.  Talking about safety - there is literally every safety amenity including some state of the art futuristic inventions like the head restraints.  I lease my cars and at the end of every three years I hate to see them go - but than the new Saab enters and the love affair starts all over.   To those who have had problems  - you probably got lemons - contact Saab America headquarters - you will find them very helpful and responsive.
Great car.  Everyone comments on the looks.  So far it has been a much better car than my Volvo 850.  It rides better, has more pick-up, is quieter and no rattles.  In the first year this car has had zero defects.  That was more than I could say about my Volvo
My wife & I are both enthusiasts, and have owned/driven many cars.  The Aero stands out as a near perfect blend of luxury, sport, roominess, and value.  Other than torque steer, it's an excellent car, and I think actually handles better than the Audi A4 (FWD with sport package) we just sold - less body roll. The turbo rush is great - huge low end torque, very similar to the Audi 225 TT we owned for a few months. The Aero is a truly practical luxury sports car that is a blast to drive.   I highly recommend taking a test drive.  For those with less need for speed, the base 2.3 (now called Linear) offers plenty of nice turbo power also.  The new 2002 Linear and Arc now have the same suspension as the old Aero, and the new aero has an even tighter set-up.  I think my 2001 feels perfect.
I've always liked Swedish cars and finally got my first one in February of 2002. It has a gray exterior with charcoal interior. This car comes fully loaded! The only 'option' I didn't get was ventilated seats. OnStar is more of a gimmick than a help, but is nice to know it's there. I have only driven the car 6,000 miles myself (for a total of 23,000) and haven't had one problem. The car is solidly built, with a nice weight to guide you through the snow. Winter mode is especially helpful as it gives you less torque to the wheels to prevent wheelspin for easier traction. I feel safe in this car, the sheet metal is thick and the comfort of knowing SAAB's are one of the safest cars in the world is reassuring. I would avoid the 1999 models, as they seem to have more problems. The 2001 for sure is worry-free. If you still have doubts, buy one and get the extended warranty. You'll only realize later that you didn't need it!
This car is surprisingly impressive! We originally bought the car because of it's value with us; we get a GM discount and there was a $6000 rebate going on at the time, saving us a grand total of $12,000 off the sticker. We thought giving up our BMW 3 series would be a downgrade, but have we been surprised!! We actually like it better. This is a great car; as soon as GM's marketing people get on the stick, expect people to say 'Saab' in the same breath as BMW and Mercedes a few years from now.
I should mention that the actual price was $45,000 in Canadian Dollars, which is about $30,000 in U.S. funds.  To summarize briefly, I love this car!    The ride is extremely comfortable.  There is little noise and the driver's seat fits me perfectly.  The climate controls are easily within reach and the operation is intuitively obvious.  When you turn on the defrost, the front and back windows clear very quickly.    The engine's power is rather surprising.  The car is 185 horsepower, but it seems more powerful than that.  This car REALLY moves.    The gas mileage, if you care about that, is better than as stated in the manuel.  I don't know what it is in gallons, but in metric I average about 7.0 to 7.5 litres per 100km.  My driving is about 60% highway.      The stereo sounds great, and like the other controls, was easy to figure out without having to resort to the manual.    The various electric components have functioned without problems, including the power locks, sunroof, seats and so on.      I splurged when I got this car, and went for every possible option where you get the leather seats with a bunch of little holes in them (I forget what the call this feature).  Believe me, it's worth it in hot weather.  Lots of air gets blown through the seat onto your back and lower body.  Very comfy - on hot days you arrive at your destination without a sweaty back.  The air conditioning is powerful.  The dual climate control is also a nice feature, as my wife often wants the settings different from me.
I've had this car for 4 months now with absolutely no problems.  I needed a 4 door and wanted a sports car.  This was the perfect compromise.  The car is distinctive, handles better than almost any 4 door out there, performs great and gets good mileage.  It's extremely comfortable and the leather seats cool down very quickly in the summer with the ventilated seat option and heat up quickly in the winter.  Now that I'm used to the ignition being between the seat it feels completely natural and makes more sense than having to reach behind the steering wheel.
What a great car!  It's very sporty and luxurious, has ample room for storing luggage, has neat ergonomics, the engine just takes off, the tires and rims are sweet, the climate control is awesome and the stereo system is powerful, to say the least. Plus, Saab really gives you substance for the money.  A similar car, like the BMW 5 series, costs $10-$15,000 more, but the Saab is just as good, IMO.
All I can say is that this is a fun, fast, attractive, comfortable luxury car.  I'd buy a Saab over a BMW or Audi anyday, especially because that's all you see on the road.  You can buy a Saab for 15000 dollars less than a lexus or bimmer and you'd probably get the same thing or more in quality.
So far, I feel I made a good choice.I might have choosen the auto if I could do it over again.The stick does keep things more on the boil though.The clutch can be grabby at times when trying to drive slow.Wish I got the ventilated seats.Physically, the Aero sedan is gorgeous.People always say, 'thats a Saab?'
In the 12 months I've owned my 9-5 I can only say that I'm finding more reasons to love it.  Solid, dependable and safe at ANY cruising speed.
Ja vad kan man säga , SAAB har fått en fullträff med sport edition versionen, underbar väghållning, smidig, snabb  motor och läderklädsel som standard i underbara säten!
I have owned this car for almost 2 years now. In that time, I have replaced the front brakes and one headlight bulb, and nothing more. The car has almost 28,000 miles on it and has never missed a scheduled maintenance visit. I am completely satisfied with the car, never have had a problem. The automatic climate control can be a little fussy at times, but I have gotten used to that. The night panel is awesome, dimming all dash lights except the ones you really need. Everything in the car has been throughly thought out. Even the way the doors are concaved makes more leg room for added comfort. The leather seats are the best I've ever sat in. The trunk is huge, and is able to swallow a standard size real estate sign! This is impressive. You owe yourself a test drive. Buy a newer model and stay away from the 1999's if some of the reviews have scared you. It's really NOT a bad car, rather the best I've ever owned.
Great car. Lots of standard equipment that is only optional in other luxury cars. Not everyone drives one, so that's a big plus. The giddie up on merging lanes onto highways is a major bonus.     Contrary to other negative reports, there has been absolutely nothing wrong with my car, and I've had it for over a year. It's probably an isolated thing, so I don't know why people are knocking Saab as a whole.
After owning four Saabs since college (two 900s and two 9-5s), I can be described as a Saabaholic. It's too bad Saab has yet to ask me to do a commercial for them.    As has been well-documented in the past two decades, Saabs are destined for a particular breed -- company literature used to call us mavericks.    Those who desire an automobile that will never leave them stranded should not choose a Saab or another European brand for that matter -- pick a Japanese car though I have never been stranded in my Saabs). Those who desire low maintenance costs also should not pick a Saab (Toyotas only need oil changes).     Saabs are for those people who require a unique statement when it comes to driving down the road. It may not be a smart choice economically and in fact, many in the family may not fully appreciate the choice but it is a choice that true Saab owners stand by -- through the trouble-free times and otherwise.    Much has been said about Saab's perceived unwillingness to advertise more. That is part of its mystique, which admittedly is declining.    Disclaimer: For me, the 9-5 is five stars, for my sensible Dad, three stars.
What started out as a great car turned into one horrible experience.  I still like the way the car drove, the gas mileage, the interior, the feel, the look but Saab is too unreliable.  In the space of a year we had to replace the transmission, the shift linkage, the catalytic converter. In addition, the DI (direct ignition) failed, stranding my wife and two kids on the highway. Apparently, all 9000 and 9-5s have this chronic DI failure. And it doesn't give you a warning - all of a sudden, no power.  At the end of the day we had Saab buy back the car.
Such a well balanced car. Does everything well. The car is very comfortable, handles well and has great power. It has much more interior room than it looks like from the outside. Plenty of elbow room and leg room. Huge trunk.    In 14 months the car has had virtually no service issues.     The turbo 6 gives incredible passing power, especially in 'sport' mode. It pushes you back in your seat. Not as powerful as the Aero, but has better accelaration from a full stop.      The seats are heated for the winter and ventilated for the summer. The onboard computer info is good, though a bit complex to use. The car has an 'afterburner' - push a button after shutting the car down and it blows the remaining heat for 20 minutes or so. If you are running errands in the winter this is great! (only avail on the V6).
Car runs great, smooth, fast, power band seems to go on forever....pulls non-stop cruised highway speeds 70-80 for hour in complete comfort. LArge enough for two kids and stuff yet sporty enough to race B'mers and the like. It is acar car that screams I am the man!!!! Jet Black with camle leather....SWEEEET
I purchased my 2001 9-5 Aero new from the dealer in Jan of 2004. It was left over stock from 2001. I had them add the certification to is as part of the deal. This has been the most disappointing car I have ever owned. To date, it has left me on the roadside twice and has been in the shop approx 12 times. This is a car with about 20K miles on it. It came equipped with 'OnStar'. This is a total joke. In the event of a breakdown, all they do is call Saab Roadside who then calls AAA to come get you. I can do that from my cell for free. The last breakdown occurred in the middle of a move across counrty. The car just quit on a Sat around noon while on the Interstate. I sat on the side of the Interstate in 95 degree heat for over 3.5 hrs waiting on a wrecker. I was not in the 'middle of nowhere', so it should not have taken that long to get someone out there. By the time my car was towed to the nearest dealer, the service dept was closed. The folks at Saab actually expected me to stop there in the middle of a move (even when I explained that the movers would be in my new city with my belongings in 3 days) to wait until the following Monday for someone to look at the car. No time for that, I rented a car at Hertz and continued with the move. The car wasn't repaired until the following Thursday - something about parts being ordered. Had I waited, the movers would have been at my new place for over a week before me. Did Saab expect them to just wait too? To date, my car is still sitting at the servicing dealer as I am unable to take off a week from a new job to fly back to get it and drive it out here. Saab says they are not responsible for uniting an owner with his car, no matter the circumstances. I am not trusting enough at this point to even think it will make it. Bottom line here - don't go spend your hard earned money on one of these, unless you just enjoy being in a service dept a lot. Talk to some folks in your area who own or have owned one. Go buy something reliable. You are better off giving your money to charity. You'll get more out of it. They don't refer to my situation as a 'Saab Story' for nothing.
A good car, almost a great one. Attractive appearence & useful size.  Great on the open road. Less satisfying to drive around town. Aero engine may be too much of a good thing. Not smooth enough to be a real BMW competitor. Really could use 4 wheel drive to balance the chassis with all that power.  Gearbox not up to par.
An opinion from the other side of the Atlantic for the amusement of you Yankees. I've owned the car from new and run it for 2.5 years. In that time, it has never let me down. It has been serviced by a Saab main dealer at the required intervals and the services have, by and large, cost pretty much what I had been expecting according the Saab servicing 'menu'. On reading all other reviews (90 at the time of writing) in the 9-5 section, it appears to me that there is a bimodal distribution of opinion: those poor folk who bought a 1999 model, who have suffered dreadful reliability problems, and those of us who bought 2000 or subsequent models, who appear to be delighted. There were a few exceptions in both camps, I should add.
I bought it with 45k miles on it. 15k miles later... after an engine rebuild, a replaced ignition, and a new fuel system.. well.. would you look at that i have a new car... no. I cannot count the amount of time my car has spent in the shop... probably close to the same ive taken while actually driving it. Other than that. It can be fun to drive... in sport mode, going down hill.. with the wind behind your back.  Im far too negative though. It drives very nicely when its in good working order. And it has a lot of storage space in the trunk. So if you enjoy a sedan that you can load up a lot of your stuff in, and you can handle the expenses then its a good car.
Excellent vehicle. I am surprised to read so many negative reviews but could be over expectation from different people. Anything mechanical or electrical can go wrong at any time with anything. I am in love with my SAAB. Minor problems here and there but nothing serious. I would recommend it to anyone.
the SAAB 95 provides a great driving pleasure and comfort, espicially when cruising. The handling is very good, and it shows an excellent stability, even at high speeds! Because of the turbo charged engine, the torque is more than what you excpect compared to some competitives. Hence, the performance is just great.
Ok...maybe not the most solid car, but i love the design and the fact that nobody elses has it.The handling and the seats are exceptional!...And i love the sound from the engine rrrroam.
I really do love this car. It looks great in black and there arent too many of them on the road. This Saab has so many amenities that a comprable car would cost at least $10k more. I purchased this car as a demo with little more than 8k miles(got lucky). Although I am very happy so far (PRICE!), I was not happy with Saab dealer prep (horrible)and have found that the paint and body panels are succeptible to dings (Very very annoying). Additionaly, the car stalled on me once????
This is my first SAAB and I must say that i'm impressed!..Best seats in industry and comfort +AAA. The engine is great and the big space and the very excelent clima-system makes the trips wonderful. Compared to BMW and AUDI I must say SAAB 9-5 has the best value for money. I can really recommend this car.
Absolutely the best car i've ever had!. Wonderful seats, the handeling is superb, the engine is powerful and responds quick. No problems so far and been driven the car for about 10000 miles thruogh Europe Excelent space and the family admire it..150 mph at Autobahn in Germany was no problem with full cargo...i really can recomend this car! Don't believe people who gives this car only 1 star ( Probably fake reviews)
I have read many of the reviews on this car and I seem to identify with those who have had a plethora of problems.  First, my 9.5 started suffering from vibrations, rattles and squeaks at 10,000 miles.  But before it even hit 10,000 it was back at Saab of Santa Ana four times.  The lights failed, the automatic transmission clunked when the car was shifted into reverse, and the steering wheel seemed to shimmy and shake.  The power steering pump was replaced.  I definitely made a mistake purchasing this car.  I now have about 16,000 miles on it and I can't get comfortable in the front seat.  I reckon the steering wheel is to low on the dash or something.  I am beginning to leak oil and the engine is getting louder.  This is a $20,000 car, not the $34,000 I paid for it.  Funny thing is, Saab of Santa Ana offered my $21,000 for it on trade in.  This car is becoming unpleasant to live with and I cannot wait to convince myself that it is time to move on to something far more reliable and pleasant.
Nice looker but a real hunk of crap.  There's an ass for every seat.
I never consider Saab as an option, I just got one and I love it.
First of all, sorry for not posting a price, but I get the GM family discount so that'd be unfair.As for the car, I really enjoy it.  My wife and I get new cars every year or so and this has been the best so far.  All the major aspects of the car are great (steering, engine, handling, safety).  There are some minor problems like a good place to put the cell phone or any other basic junk, a near useless change holder, the secondary cup holder is under the middle console, the 'next' button for the radio presets doesn't cycle between the FM1 and FM2 (it does on my wife's GM vehicle) and the seats could use a little extra side-to-side support considering the way this thing corners.  But I am just picky and the rest of the car is excellent.  Also, being an audio enthusiast, I really enjoy the Harman Kardon sound system.  It doesn't have quite as much power as the Bose system in my wife's vehicle, but it's quality is outstanding.  Oh, one note for the petite women out there like my wife.  The steering handle doesn't adjust downward far enough for her liking.  Just figured I'd metion that too.I have and still do highly recommend this car.  Not a single problem in the first 5 months.  Will I buy another Saab?  That depends.  I am in the snowbelt and want something with better traction i.e. AWD like the Volvo's and Audi's.  Although not as nice, I'd recommend the new Suburu Impreza WRX (AWD 227HP) to those on a budget.
Great overall car.  It's very comfortable, quiet and safe.  The car feels like a tank when driving, even though it isn't a huge automobile.  I like the fact that you don't see Saab's everyday on the road.  BMW's and Mercedes are everywhere, but when I'm driving in my new 9-5 SE, people take notice.  I also find this car to be modest looking, which in my mind is a good thing.  Mercedes' resemble space ships and I don't take to that kind of styling.  The current 9-5 is the best car Saab has ever created and it will just get better in the future.  More and more people in the market for a luxury car are taking a good hard look at Saab, and that's pleasing.
As I am rather obsessive about purchasing anything technical, I researched this to death. I test drove every car more than once. It was neck and neck with the AUDI. The SE had more power, far better breaks (Audi's are real spungey), and the SAAB was more ding resistant (I live in the city) than the Audi.  Also, I have better access to SAAB service. Despite similar MSRPs, differences in final sales price, financing and leasing numbers were significant.Drives like my old SAAB - which I loved - great command of the road and smooth power with real reasuring breaks. And that 'S' button on the shifter is too cool (enriches mixture, advances spark, and lengthens rpm between shifts) VAROOM!. This car flies off the line or when passing. Used the 'W' in the snow - worked great. I was originally concerned that the lack of 'touch matic' shifting was a dificiency, but it ain't as good as that 'S' button. I have done both highway and heavy city driving - the car is fine in both. For a seemingly large car it feels and drives small - very light and responsive.  Only problem is that I tend to speed - the engine so quiet (2k rpm @ 60 mph) and vibration free that I lose track of speed. Road noise is your only audible (louder than my old Benz). So, after a month I love it.  My wife loves it, too. Stay tuned.
Without being overdone, the 2001 9/5 aero sedan is a great car to drive.  It is fun to watch people look at the beautiful styling.  I have never driven a car that is so much fun to drive.  Compared to other cars i.e. Volvo s-80 or the new bmw 530i it is a much better value.
What I liked about this car was its understated look and nice lines.  It accommodates four adults nicely.  However, that is where the love affair ends. I've been back to Saab at least four times for minor annoyances.  Like the others, I too have had electrical problems.  I also have an engine hiccup that the dealer said should go away after the engine is fully broken in.  I have 9,000 miles on the car.  My Nissan Maxima has more guts and has a smoother ride with over 75,000 miles.  I have noticed far too much torque steer with the 9-5 (vibration, engine and car feeling through the steering/front wheels) and I only wish I had noticed during our test drive.  In essence, I think this car is far overvalued.  The service manager is too cool to level with me.  Unfortunately, I bought the car.  Buyer beware!  +
Fantastic riding car, very smooth and comfortable.  I have never owned a Saab. Unfortunately, I have had to return to the dealership four times over the past three months for petty, niggling problems.  My door locks went out as well.  I pray that this is not a bad omen for the entire electrical system.  The passenger's seat motor broke and my bright lights would not turn on.  For the most part, I enjoy the car.  My neighbor informs me that the 9-5 is closely related to the Cadillac Catera.  He has had a number of problems with his Catera.  I can only hope that my 9-5 is 'debugged' at this point.  
Great car that is fun to drive, fast, handles well, safe, well equiped, roomy and gets good gas mileage.  I do enjoy driving this car and have had NO PROBLEMS.  I picked up mine used (1500 miles) and got an incredible deal.  It is an Aero with metalic paint, heated seats, and the sweet BBS wheel package.
I'm generally very satisfied with this car which is the first Saab I've ever owned.My only complaint really is that on 2 separate occasions, while driving on the freeway and in a local road, the car just suddenly died on me.  Had to pull over and restart the car.  Took it to the local Saab dealer but he couldn't find/explain the cause of the problem for me.  Anyone from Saab like to venture a guess?
I love it....
after years of owning volvos and driving approx 20,000 miles a year I can say that this car has lived up to all expectation.  My wife has the 1999 9 3 convertible and that has been the same  excellent.  These are the first automobiles I have ever leased due to the business tax write off but I would recommend these cars to anyone.  The service at wigwam has been excellent and friendly.  I was skeptical about leaving volvo after so many years and going to a dealership where I did not know anyone.  That was a big concern of mine but they are good honest people. 
I like driving this car, although the blind spot kills me.  I find it hard to see over the back headrests, so I end up folding them down.  The keyless remote is way too loud.  I do love the stereo though.  
Solid, comfortable, v.quick for a 2-litre.  I test drove just about everything for the same size & price, and this car was best overall impression (in the end it was between this & Subaru Outback H6 - would have bought both if I could!!)
Excellent vehicle. Worth every cent.  Bought the car new 13 months ago, no problems whatsoever (dependability). Safe, solid car.  Roomy inside and great on gas (both around town and highway). Comfortable on long rides. Handles great in snow (Maine winter)w/4 snow tires. Although in a higher price range, this car (like all Saabs) is built to last. 
Be very careful when purchasing a SAAB. If you want a car that you can drive mile after mile year after year with few problems and trips to the mechanic do not, I repeat, DO NOT buy a SAAB. My 9-5 Aero has been to the shop 6 times in the first year for electrical and gas tank related problems.  I can't decide how I feel about this car. The engine is great, the seats are incredible, and the looks are unmatched for a wagon, but if I have to bring this thing to the shop one more time I might rip my hair out. You would think that a car this late in its life cycle would have all of the kinks worked out by now, but it does not.
I feel like I'm in a bad relationship. I absolutely love my Saab. It looks great. The interior design and comfort is unmatched. I've test driven BMWs, Mercedes, etc., and I wouldn't trade my 9-5 for any of them (except maybe an Audi...hmm...maybe). The ride is so smooth and effortless. The turbo zips me from 60 to 110 MPH in no time flat with no discernable strain on the engine. The car seems to just yawn- as if to say 'Is that ALL you want me to do?' 'Are you SURE you don't want to go faster? Please?'  The problem is, I've had this car for about a year and a half, and I've been to the mechanic WAY too many times for a four year old car. Bypass valve failed. Bi-Xenon headlights failed (at $230 EACH no less), SID failed (like all Saabs, it seems) O2 Sensor failed, and I've had the Direct Ignition cassette replaced. All of this in 18 months. If one more thing goes wrong, I'll just endure the hit and GIVE it away- pass it on like a discarded old unfaithful girlfriend....and then cry myself to sleep. I love...and hate..that damn car.
I purchased the Aero after owning about 20 or so cars. I like to drive. My past experience has brought me to the Aero and I am very satisfied with this car.
Lots of car for the price. Comfortable, safe, luxurious, and still with some pick up when needed. Like everything from the rims to the smell. I had narrowed the search down to two other European near-luxury cars, but this one won hands down. Initial quality seems to be quite good with only one defect found so far. Recommend this car to anyone willing to look at something a little different.
I adore my car! It is the most underrated luxury car on the market! After 7 1/2 years of driving a BMW 3 series, I was reluctantly in the market for a new car. I decided that after my BMW and previous Acura, which were flawless, I wanted to try something totally different. It was a great decision. I love the room, power, comfort, gas milage, luggage room (I moved and used it as a truck!) Don Mackey Saab in Tucson is first class! Nathan, Charlie and Gary are true professionals. This car was a gift to myself for my 26th birthday and they made it a special occasion. All in all, a great experience a year and 15,000 miles later with no problems and great A/C!
I must say that this car really hit me when i first drove it...it's is a wonderfull little odd car but i love it. My jobmates has tried it and they al say that they are impressed. Compare to my former car , a BMW 525 Touring , the SAAB is way ahead in value for money. I like the engine and the acceleration capasity (230 hp). Bets car for this amount of money.
I LOVE THIS CAR!!  I also own a 2000 Saab 9-3 convertible and I like it just as much as the 9-5.  The 9-5 is very comfortable to drive and it definitely turns heads.  I also like the fact that Saabs don't resemble every other luxury car...it stands out.  In my opinion, I think Saab is finally producing cars that are competing with the finest luxury vehicles around, like BMW, Lexus and Audi.  I keep seeing people writing that they've had horrendous experiences with Saabs and I say to myself, this must be an isolated occurence because between myself and my friends, we've never had a major problem, although the electrical system is kinda unreliable, but that's minor at best.  Overall I give this car and company straight A's.
Paid $38,500 for a 2000 V6 SE.  Have about 3,000 miles on it now and I love it.  It's classic looking, not stoggy or goddy like a BMW or Mercedes.  The car has great lines and turns heads.  The turgo charged V6 is a great engine and is very fast.  When you drive it in sport mode the car is a rocket.  Anyone looking at a sports sedan in the $35,000 - $50,000 price range should definately look at a 9-5.  SAAB doesn't advertise much, the car unique and has got to be the best kept secret around.  It basically comes fully loaded.  Would hightly recomment the car.  I plan to keep mine for a number of years.  
It get this rig for $33k and change with the 2.3t engine, leather, and etc.  I recommend this car for the money over other, compared to the Subaru it has way more stuff for only $1k more comprable in price to the Passat and way, way cheaper than the $49k Bimmer, $40+k Audi, and $50k Mercedes with the same type of equipment.  This is a very safe car according to the European NCAP testing and Consumer Reports lieks the reliability.  A great car for the cash.
This is an awesome car for the money (about $37,000).  I cannot say enough good things about it.  It has ample head and leg room for all four passengers (even for my 6'4' brother-in-law).  It has very comfortable seats.  It has the biggest trunk in its class.  It has really good power and torque (0-60 in about 7.5 seconds).  It has a very smooth 6-cylinder engine with a turbo that has very little turbo lag.  It has an extremely smooth (automatic) transmission.  It has a sporty yet luxurious feel to it in both handling and ride (it doesn't feel as clunky as other cars its size).  It has great all-weather traction (including traction control).  It comes standard with all the otions anyone would need (a Harmon Kardon stereo with CD, leather, sunroof, power mirrors/windows/ locks, etc.).  It is well refined and is the safest vehicle in its class.  It has a European feel which the Japanese models still have not been able to emulate.  It is a nice looking and distinctive car without being flashy.The Saab may not have the steering response, cornering ability, and overall driveability of a BMW, but it is a much better value than any of the German cars.This car is a must test-drive if you are looking for a midsized Mercedes, BMW, Audi, Volvo, Lexus, Acura, or Infiniti.  I think it is the best value of them all, and it has the most leg room for all four passengers of all of the cars in its class.My wife and I own a BMW 3-series also and it's more fun to drive than the Saab, but the Saab is bigger an much more practical with many more features.  The Saab 9-5 is the best value in a mid-sized luxury family car on the market!!!  (And, don't worry, it is not as quirky as Saabs have been in the past.)
Having test drove all of the above wagons with the exception of the 528i(too pricey), the Saab 9-5 easily stood out with the best overall performance and value. I paid $35,000 for everything except ventilated seats & on-star. I definetly recomend this car to all those looking for a sedan or wagon in this price range.The car does turn heads when I drive by, including comments from a group of kids on a corner that ranged from 'nice car' to 'awsome'. These are comments that kids usually reserve for corvettes & mustangs. God, I hope they weren't joking with me! Either way still pretty cool.I put my wife on notice when we decided that we needed a family oriented versitile car and that I was the one that would be driving it, I was going to get a vehicle that I would enjoy. I hit the mark with the 9-5. Minivans are not fun to drive, and niether are SUV's on pavement!  
My wife owns a 1998 9-3 convertable. We were so impressed with her car I decided to look at 9-5. Started looking at VW Passat and Audi A-4 thinking I could no afford a 9-5. Not only was this a superior car in all respects but it ended up costing less thanks to a great dealer.
You probably won't believe me...  but I got it for about $39000 even with ventillated seats, heated seats, metallic paint (silver/charcol - BEAUTIFUL) and onstar.  Left off the Auto and optional wheels.Recommend it???  I DO EVERY DAY!  Yes, there are cars I'd like better (BMW 540 or better yet, M5!).  However, for the price, nothing really competed with the deal I got on the Aero.Let's talk value.  I'd love to see someone find me a car that 1) Comes in a 5 speed, 2) gets to 60 in the mid 6's, 3) seats 4 in comfort (a 328i/ C280/A4 does not), 4) comes with all the nice luxury amenities (heated seats, sunroof, trip computer, etc) and 5) has a 36/36 lease with $4k total out of pocket and a payment less than $500/month.  A loaded Maxima is about as close as you can get I think.  If you limit the search to 'prestige' brands, I don't think you can do it.Lastly, if you're shopping RIGHT now (end of may), look into the 36 month lease.  After negotiating a good deal on the car, I took a lease and the interest rate works out to about 2.5%.  I've started saving an extra $150/month so that at the end of the lease I can buy this car and finance it for another 2 years.  The low impact on my cash flow plus the low interest rate made the lease offer VERY appealing.  I almost certainly will buy this car off lease.  FANTASTIC.The ONLY think I regret is that by leasing it, I couldn't take European Delivery and would not have got the same deal on the car as I did.I think I've gushed enough.  
This car is beautiful to look at and also to drive. I love that it is so rare. I don't expect to see another one (red on black) on the road. I was looking for a sedan with a manual and good gas mileage and this is perfect. I also considered the 528 and 2.7T. The AERO's acceleration is excellent and ride is smooth and quiet. Gas mileage in mostly highway driving is over 29 MPG. Torque steer is no myth. The steering wheel really does tug to the right when you get on the gas in low gear (1st & 2nd) - just be expecting it and it's no big deal. I still have a year left on the factory warranty. If you buy used, make sure your 30K service is done before 36 months from the original in-service date. SAAB will pick up the tab and save you $400 plus. Luckily I purchased the car and took it in just 3 days before the 36-month expiration. Finally, I was happy to find that Consumer Reports rates the 9-5 as a Good Bet.
Excellent car, very well designed with many unique features. Love the ventilated seats and cooled glovebox! Engine is fantastic, lots of power and very fuel efficient on the highway. The exterior is stunning especially in red, very distinctive. The road manners and handling and excellent for such a big car, very fast through tight corners. The interior is a pleasure to occupy. Excellent seats! These seats are probably the best in the industry, you can drive and drive and drive without feeling in the slightest way uncomfortable. Excellent dash layout, tuned for the driver - love the night panel and distance to empty features! The Aero combines luxury, sport and functionality like no other car on the road today. Excellent car!
Impressive car, a little concerned about the reliability (purchased it with 57K miles) but it performs above my expectations (it is a wagon after all) and seems to have some utility to boot! I plan on doing some light towing next year and hope to have a few years of relatively trouble free operation. I have felt a few rough shifts out of the auto trans, but aside from that it runs perfectly
Plain and simple stay away from this car. I've spent over $4,000 in repairs in the last two years. Just to give you an idea of the unreliability of this car, it has been in the shop for repairs 6 times on the last 3 months. The check engine light will stay on no matter what you do to the car. In addition, of its unreliability, Saab customer service will not help you or listen to you. I can wait to paid off this car up and get rid of it. I can't trade in because his resale value is too low. Once again, do not buy a Saab!
We absolutely LOVE this wagon! 'Quirky' = different, 3rd SAAB we've owned, but this one's the best yet. 30k Miles - drive three time across country last year as we moved back to Colorado from Virigina/DC. Had to replace engine's torque control module gopinf cross-country - Indianapolis SAAB repaired/replaced (inlcuding wash and vacuum) in only 1 1/2 hours under warantee!! Otherwise only bulbs/oil changes. Appreciate the included maintenance and loaner cars from SAAB dealers everywhere! Great power from 4 cyl (manual tranny) - even the Rockies love this wagon!    Bottom Line - FUN FUN FUN + Flexibility and it comes with Bun Warmers!
Overall, I've been very happy with this car. I bought the car factory-certified with only 6K miles on it. The car is very well designed, handles better than probably 90% cars around. Engine is reasonably smooth and quiet, especially for 4-cylinders. I am a kind of a tall guy; still feel very comfortable on either front or rear seats.    I had a SUV before this car (Discovery) and my overall opinion that SAAB is much better car in every aspect you’ll ever compare two cars, leaving Discovery with better off-road capability only, however never drove Disco off-road for the last 4 years.    I know that BMW drives better, Audi feels more solid… however hey, I bought this car at least 10-15K less than those brands having almost the same fun driving it!    This is the best car for the money on the market and I would definitely recommend it to everybody, especially if the car is a SAAB-certified.
I wanted to buy an Aero for about a year before I got up the heart to make the move. All of the poor reviews on here kept me scared away. I deciced based on what I read on here the only safe way to go was through dealer and to make sure it was a *** Saab Certified ***. Some may say this is not important, it sure was to me. The car had 29,900 miles on it when I bought it. The warranty covers this car to 100,000 or April of 2006 which ever coms first. I bought it in Jun of 2003. The exclusions of the warranty are brake pads and rotors, and the audio system after 50,000 miles. I have to tell you I am plenty impressed and would recomend this car to anyone. Fast, Fast, Fast and a ton of fun to drive. This is funny, I had four differnt Acura legends (all used, but in good shape)used to pop the sunroofs open in the winter months turn up the heat and crank the stero, and they were one sweet enjoyable ride. But the last one was the full size lengend and it just felt to big. I then moved into a VW Passat, this drove like it was glued to the road, very very smooth ride. The radio was real bad so I replaced it the first week I owned it. Put a ALpine unit in, only to find out it was he speakers. So, for the three years I had it every time I turned the radio on, I turned it rigt back off, it was that bad. I would open the sunroof in the Passat only to close it because of the horrid wind noise that would com in. But I kept it beacuse of th great ride. It as expensive when it came t repairs also. That lead me to the Saab certified program. I had the the Saab about an hour when I realized I hadn't lost my love for music. The Saab Harman - Kardon system is as close to Bose as you will get, I mean it is nice. The Aero has an upgraded system above and beyond the regular 9-5 system and it is sweet, I always have on unlike the Passat. The sunroof isn't as quiet as the Acuras but so much quieter than the Passat. I hve had a check engine light come on and off a few times since purchasing, also a brake light failure warning light comes on sometimes during a rain storm. The light is still working though. The ventilated seats I find to be loud, and not worth the price, they do work though. A second cup holder would be nice. When you step this baby out into the left lane to go by somebody it just a queston of whether you want to be polite or leave them like they were tied, his car WILL MOVE. Fun, Safe. Again I relize some have had problems, but with the certifid program I'm not sure how you could go wrong.
Despite warnings on many sites, I purchased this vehicle in the hopes it wasn't a lemon, having had two earlier model 900's that were generally reliable. Unfortunately, in the end, you get what you pay for. I've found the following problems: 1- Instrument cluster sporadic failure 2- Loss of pixilation 3- Power mirrors don't move 4- Power sunroof doesn't open 5- odometer/speedometer don't register motion in any gear 6- bogging down of motor What might have been an excellent product and experience has quickly turned to sh*t. Caveat emptor in full effect. C'est la vie.
I WANTED to like this car for the longest time, but it kept letting me down! Now I just want it to go away. Unreliable and idiosyncratic, it has been in the shop far too often in the last two and one half years. Car is plagued with mysterious electrical problems (resulting in roadside breakdowns), recurring oil leaks, turbo failure and driveability issues. I expected FAR greater reliability and satisfaction from a car in this class. Saab customer service has been extremely disappointing (read- atrocious)as well - their response to the numerous breakdowns the car has suffered has been to cite the benefit of free towing and an 'excellent warranty'!?!?! Infuriating! I'm counting the days until the lease expires.
I did extesive internet research as well as test driving at dealers. The 9-5 was the best choice for a safe, comfortable, sporty, and affordable wagon. I liked it so much that the next year I bought my wife one.
I purchased this vehicle after having an unpleasant experience with a 1997 Volvo 850 Turbowagon. I looked around and decided that the 9-5 offered everything for a reasonable price. I am a mother of 2, with a full time job as a traveling nurse. I have put over 97,000 miles on this car so far and have had very little trouble out of it. The brakes have consistantly needed changing every 30,000 miles, the rotors were replaced at 60,000. I have had my DI (Direct Ignition), which monitors the engine, replaced at 48,000 miles under warranty. I had a problem with the CD player skipping, but after my second complaint to the dealer they replaced it for free. I had the timing belt replaced at 60,000 miles as SAAB suggests, and they paid for it. The V6 turbo engine has lots of strength at any elevation. It has never left me stranded, more than I can say for the Volvo. I have also driven the lower end 4 cylinder turbo and did not care for the vibrations and the 4 cylinder sound. I find the cargo area of this wagon much more user friendly and better thought out than my previous Volvo and wagons from other makers. The car as held up for nearly 100,000 miles flawlessly. I plan on driving this for another 100,000 miles, and then I will be returning to SAAB for another!
Nice looking car. Great interior but less leg room. Nice to drive until it stops working (which happened often to me).     The car loves to stay with the dealership and loves to stay brand new. I guess that is the only reason it keeps asking for new parts and service. If you don't like this fact, stay away from this car .. as simple as that.
I have an Aero Wagon.  I have thoroughly enjoyed this car.  Fast & Fun & sleek for a wagon.  
This car is absolutely haunting in every way.  I would say avoid it at all costs.  I have only 21,000 miles on it and Saab offered me only $18,600 for a trade in! Couldn't believe it!  Unless you like being stranded, get something else. Please!
I have always wanted to hate Saab.  My wife made me buy a new 9000 in '92.  I grew to like the car, even though it's underpowered. When I needed a new car in '99 I looked at a Saab 9-5 and found it impressive. Improved in almost all ways over the 9000. I hate taking a new car back to the dealer for little problems, even if the fix is under warranty.  I have only had this car back to the dealer once for a recall.  The dealer has taken care of me (both cars).  I may trade my old Porsche for a Viggen. Nope, can't do it.
When it's running, it's great. When it's not, be sure that you do not rely on Saab's Roadside Assistance. The car was purchased to provide safe, reliable transportation that was also fun. Reliability has been a problem, from failure of the computer (replaced within months of purchase) to minor items like headlights burning out. The latter was corrected by having the dealer turn off the constantly running daylights to decrease wear. This seemed to work.    On Roadside Assistance, the first time we called we went through about half a dozen phone calls before the tow guy called directly and asked if he could come out in 24 hours since we were at home. No thanks, called AAA and was towed within 30 minutes.    Next, the car died without warning in the middle of the financial district at 5:30PM on a Friday. Not good! Saab promised they'd prioritize the tow. It took 40 minutes and 3-4 calls to get a tow. Then Saab had them tow me to the nearest authorized repair shop ... which was closed and had no lot to leave the car in. The tow guy suggested we leave it on the street, and I could call the shop the next day. Of course, they were still closed. Called my local dealership to get the Roadside Assistance number. The recorded message gave a 1-800 number for Roadside Assistance that turned out to be a phone sex line.    Finally got the right number and called Roadside assistance again and arranged to meet a tow truck at the car at 1:30. Asked for a call if the tow truck couldn't be there. Heard nothing from Saab, was at the car at 1:30. No tow. Called Saab. No record of call or request for tow or appointment for tow. Called AAA.  Towed within 20 minutes.    Bad enough the car doesn't run, the incredibly poor service at every level at Saab was truly unbearable. They should give up Roadside Assistance and give away AAA membership with every car.
With out a doubt this car has caused a mountain of frustrations and headaches. I am positive that there is something seriously wrong with the 1999 production line of the 9-5. The problems I have had are so numerous I don't know were to begin. I have been stranded. I have had the car towed 4 or 5 times. The engine has malfunctioned several times. Bulbs would burn out often. I even became fearful of driving because I wasn't sure how the car would perform. And now that the warrenty has expired the car needs over 4000 dollars worth of repairs, and I only have 40,000 miles on it. Twice I have tried to answers from the corporate office without success. I am aware of other people in the Chicago area having the same problem, but I was surprised by reading these reviews to find out this is a nation wide issue. Saab should issue a refund.
It's a great car. My second SAAB and I love it. Design, power, reliability just few of strengths... It took me a while to persuade my wife to buy this car instead of BMW 5. Now I barely see the car - she drives it all the time. I hate Japanese cars resembling each other. In my point of view their reliability won't compensate for poor and faceless design and very cheap feeling. People try SAAB where design and reliability come together. Try to be little bit different at least on the road.
The car started out great--looked good, drove well, fun appointments.  And then it started falling apart.  It's been in the shop about every month since I've owned it, and always for something different.  I'm trying my best to get out of the lease, because it's by far the worst car I've ever driven maintenance-wise.  I will never buy another Saab, and won't recommend them to others.  Even their customer assistance center has been extremely difficult to work with.
This Saab is a delight to drive or ride in.  Bright red with a spoiler and black trim (I have NEVER met myself on the road!).  The 4-cyl. turbo has no lag, and plenty of power/torque, particularly in Sport mode.  Car has 34,000 miles on it, paint is flawless and shiny (Liquid Glass).  Heated seats come on in first mile of cold weather driving.  Automatic Climate Control works great, and is programmable.  Lots of interior room.  Trunk is large, with a low entrance wall, so it's easy to load LONG objects which protrude thru the rear seat hole.  The right side 'curb-viewing-mirror' when in reverse is handy!  The rims are great looking (5-spoke). I installed Kleen Wheels to reduce brake dust on the front wheels (not recommended for people who brake a lot - heat?).  Good traction/balance in snowy conditions, and transmission has a 'Winter' mode, also.  I enjoy the many nice touches which were designed into this car.  It's my 7th Saab (all turbos) and it's by far the nicest one yet!  Tremendous steering system goes where you point it, and feeds back just the perfect amount of 'Feel for the Road'.
This car has been a nightmare since I leased it in 1999. Trips to the dealership have been numerous. I always liked the feel of the car and the style but the performance makes what few strengths it has worthless.
I bought my Saab 9-5 with 57,000 miles on it thinking that this was a quality made vehicle and the miles should not matter.   I WAS WRONG. My wife has been stranded twice. The first time there was a electronic code that had to be reset.   The second time the wiring harness had to be replaced. Four months later my blower motor goes out, of course it's the first day of the summer it hits 92 degrees.  I figure why not have an inspection done while the blower motor is being replaced. Come to find out there is a seal leak and I also had them program my running lights off becuase they kept burning out.  They fixed everything and now the dual air control is not working. The local dealership is working on that now and it looks like this is the first one they have done and it is going to take three days to fix.  I can't wait to see the bill on this one. Did I mention that they are installing my third SID display(electronic display). I have 82,000 miles on it now(all highway) and I took it in to see what I could get for it and they offered me $8,000 for the car.   They also told me they coudn't believe how nice the car was. Nice resale value. So much for the $3000+ I have put into the car. I wish I would have done more research. Hopefully this will help others. DO NOT BY A SAAB!
Unfortunately I'll be preaching to the seemingly growing 1999 choir. My car has had significant issues that have all been listed. Now, that it's out of warranty and is waiting a new Head Gasket and Front Wheel bearings (at only 60K), I reviewed the numbers of visits I've had to the dealership.    It's unbelievable the amount of electrical problems and major malfunctions that have been experienced.    I'm in the process of pursuing litigation, including a potential class action suit. If you have a similar story and would like to be included, please feel free to contact me directly with your contact info.
I love my Saab 9-5 SE! The car is a gem in all ways; looked long and hard at the Audi A6 and the Volvo but for quality, price, features, warranty and joy of driving, the 9-5 SE triumphed. The exterior is sleek, the safety is unmatched, the interior is plush, well appointed and roomy, the brakes and steering are smooth and responsive, the sound system is rich and the seats are comfortable, supportive and toasty warm. The overall feeling of safety, quality, power and handling add up to a peak experience every time I get behind the wheel. I opted for the Saab 60000 mile extended warranty. Cost an additional $1000 but well worth the peace of mind. Quality service is key; important to find a reliable, responsive and capable Saab dealer and /or mechanic. I lucked out finding Crossway Saab; they're skilled, honest and friendly.
Stay away from this car. It is fine machine with 0 reliability.
I purchased my Saab 9-5 from a friend (dealer) at 50,000 miles so I knew that the car was maintained properly. However, problems started to occur soon (I am no at 97,000: the info pannel failed three times, the transmission had to be rebuild, the engine had to be rebuild too, a plastic valve that controls the air failed too, plu s small problems. The most upsetting thing is Saab's arrogance and poor cutomer service. I expected for a luxury car more dependability. Saab appears to be in the business to rip you off. They refused to acknowledge the poor quality of the info pannel, did not trust my mechanis and wanted me to spend $70 just to have a Saab delaer make the same determination and help them colelct marketing data while stating that since I am two months beyond the warranty they do not care. Accesing the palstic valve ($15 value) would hae cost me over $1,000 in labor. They knowe the valve was defective from many complaints o the web and dealers' feed-back, yet refused to assume any responsibility. The car is nice but maintaining it is a nightmare, excerbated by what I feel the predatory policy of Saab. Be aware of their slick ads. I would stay away from these kind of people just to maintain a normal blood pressure.
Have owned this car since September 2000. It represents my 3rd consecutive SAAB, replacing my 1995 9000CSE with 188,000 miles. I ran my 1987 900S over 275,000 miles before it started wearing out. My experience has been that these vehicles are the most durable, reliable, and safest on the road. It was a gamble for me buying the V6t as I am used to the 4 cylinder that SAAB uses. I have no regrets though, the V6t is just as reliable as the 4s. I just turned 110,000 miles on mine. Clever features adorn the 9-5. Best of all is the ACC sytem, much better than in my 9000. I miss the fuse box in the glovebox from the 9000, I think it was better placed. Short of that, extremely satisfied SAAB owner. Buy it, you'll love it.
I live in Sweden, where I bought and drive the car on sometimes slippery roads. I find it a lovely car to drive and to ride in. 9-5 is the safest car in Sweden (in actual conditions), but I hope I will never contribute to that statistic. Excellent brakes. Quite a lot of luggage space. Could use more spaces for stuff you need while driving (maps, sunglasses etc.) Computer display erratic. Lots of thoughtful features like dual sunvisors, night panel and a fun cupholder that comes out of the dashboard. Good stereo. Not as quiet as I would have liked on rough surfaces.
Found this beautiful Saab 9-5 from someone I know. All records kept and a transferable warranty too. This Saab came with 56k miles.I purchased it in june of 2002.This is the SE package{fully loaded}   B&B Saab of Santa Clara preformed a diagnostic check on the car for me before I bought it. This Saab recieved a clean bill of health.They had copies of all records too,because the party I bought the car from had their work done at this dealership.
I have mixed feelings of love and hate for this car. I bought this car thinking I would drive it at for at least ten years. It was really a wonderful car in many ways, and it fit my body and personality like no other car before it. I finally had to get rid of the car because of the HUGE reliability problems incurred between 20k and 77K miles. The engine computer died at 20k,leaving my wife and I stranded at a party. At 50k the direct ignition module caught on fire, leaving me stranded at my office. The SID module was replaced 3 times. The climate control module had to be replaced. After the warranty expired things really went down hill. I had two head gasket replacements within two months. A wheel bearing went out. The throttle body sensors failed. Problems with the heating/cooling system: expensive hose assemblies failed. The last straw was the failure of the master brake booster. Total repair costs after warranty was close to $4,000! There was a major repair bill every month during the last six months I owned the car! I finally traded it in on a 2003 Lexus ES 300, a much more refined car, because I knew I would have a hard time selling such an unreliable car on my own. Despite my bad experience with Saab, I would still consider leasing (not buying) another Saab, but only the new 9-3. I would avoid the 9-5. The Lexus is much more refined, extremely quiet and presumably more reliable, but I miss the Saab's personality, driving experience and unique features. I guess you can't have it all.
Dependable after 18k mi.(44k-62k) of use, Strong Acceleration off-line, Comfortable: good ride and seats.
Fantastic car that is fun to drive and practical to own. This is my 4th Saab and they have yet to disappoint. Safe, reliable, and fun. What else do you want from a car?
In past 6 weeks have had the following replaced: ignition coil after internal short in coils 2 and 3 cylinders low fuel pressure sender; exhaust valves; fuel injectors. Car has died and Roadside Assistance took hours. Customer Service totally unresponsive and Audi will not stand behind its product.
This car is simply a blast to drive. Steering is the most accurate and nimble I've ever experienced and has near perfect weight and feel. This thing communicates better than Dr. Phil. You can feel exactly where the wheels are going...right where you pointed them. Handles like it's on rails but doesn't thump your kidneys on rough roads. Engine has good power and throttle response. In drive, the transmission shows only a small amount of hesitation. In sport or manual shift mode there is even less. This is the most technologically advanced automatic I've ever driven. Drive will get you decent fuel mileage if you take it easy but will happily supply a racier package should you choose to apply more pressure with your right foot. Sport mode gets you that all the time. It stays high in the rev band in every gear. The Quattro system is the benchmark for all-wheel drive. Feel like doing 130 in a down pour? No problem. The only difference between that and dry pavement is having to turn on the wipers. The Electronic Stability Program is so non-invasive you have to be right on the ragged edge before you even notice it exists. The car is so solid and stable you don't need it until then. Like the twisties? This car handles them like a champ. Like to romp down the highway? This thing cruises like a dream. Oh yeah, the brakes are great too, but who cares, you won't ever want to use them.    Fit and finish inside and out are superb. No cheap, cheesy materials here. The leather seats are immaculate and the wood trim is tasteful without being overstated. Ergonomics are very good and there is not a cubic inch of wasted space. Front seat room is more than ample (I'm 6'2') and is complemented by an 8-way adjustable driver's seat and tilt and telescoping wheel. Leg room in the rear is snug for an adult. The trunk is cavernous and still cargo space can be increased by the locking fold-down rear seats.     The list of standard features is excellent and a great deal of optional features can be had in reasonably priced packages. Too many to list here, so just a few examples. The 4 driver memory settings include seat, mirror, and even dual-zone climate control. The HomeLink system eliminates the need for a separate garage door opener. Steering wheel audio controls, 6 disc in-dash CD changer, Bose surround sound, and available XM Satellite. The dash-mounted cup holder is further proof of the superiority of German engineering. Tap the front of it and it slides out of the console and expands like an Erector set. Slide it back in and it folds up like a contortionist and disappears. Obviously an afterthought installed to satisfy the needs of us silly Americans who so often forsake the real purpose of driving a car like this for a hot cup of over-priced coffee. Regardless, it would be useless to any self-respecting German. It's too small to hold a Bierstein.    4 wheel ABS, 8 airbags, built in child LATCH system, and a front sub-frame that collapses in a head-on so the engine doesn't come through the firewall. Yeah, it's a pretty safe car.    All this makes me want to buy one...for myself. It's my wife's car.
Overall, this car car has many good things going for it. It has that solid German feel. It's one of the best looking sedans on the market in my opinion and in typical Audi fashion, the interior is topnotch - well designed with very rich feeling materials. It has a very taut suspension. It feels very planted to the road compared to the Japanese or American cars I've owned. You feel connected and controlled.  The 1.8t feels rather sluggish at 170hp. And this car is quite heavy. With other cars in its class easily outpowering it in base form, I find it odd that any luxury car company can offer a 170hp engine for a 3500lb + car. The engine is very tunable and that's easily fixed, but very underpowered out of the factory. The seats on this car were also not very supportive and not very comfortable for long road trips. I found myself squirming and repositioning myself many times after a couple hours of driving. The xenon lights, although much better than the halogens, are still a few notches below others in this class - ie Acura TSX/TL, BMW 3-series. They just didnt light up the road as well.  The anticipated reliability of this car remained one of the leading reasons I got rid of it early. Although I had very little problems with mine (one busted coilpack at less than 30k miles), the overly poor reviews Audi has received for their reliability issues once the miles started racking up, the rising gas prices ($3.30 for 91+ octane for 170hp?? when I can pay $2.99 for cheap generic gas for a 240hp car stock), the high maintenance/repair costs led me to purchase another car.  Perhaps when I have the extra cash to throw around to repair this car if/when it breaks then I may purchase another Audi. I do like their cars. They tend to be more of a dime a dozen compared to their arch nemesis, BMW which everyone and their mothers own.
The car was great until the warrenty ran out, it has been a nightmare since, we have had constant contact with Audi for the past 2 years and have not had great satisfaction, would not recommend or purchase another audi based on this experience. The car isn't even 4 years old and we have had to replace the engine, ac compressor, winshield washer motor, winsheild wiper motor, as well as many hoses that should have been replaced with the engine, audi did investigate this and we were credited with some of the expence. White Allen Audi, Dayton OH did the engine replacement, would not recommend them at all, they made many mistakes and have caused a lot of grief.
From what I read posted, I got better luck then some with a trouble free car for 3 yrs, going for many more. Most people I have spoken too have good luck also. Price posted in US dollars with options. It simply spoils me every time I get in. A+ for Fun to drive. A+ Steering accuracy. A- perfect weight 55/45 and balance. It is very stable where you point the car it goes no weaving, twisting on loose ground. When you slam the gas the backend seems to push a bit more than the front end pulling. Perhaps a 45/55 calibration on power but just amazing due to quattro and EBS. A+ Handling on rough road and loose or slippery roads. A- Engine is very linear power just a bit less smooth at hig revs but lots of 220hp and torque. A+ throttle response. My 6 speed is very nimble and sporty feels, somewhat short shifting, not quiet as nimble shifting as bmw but very close. A+ fuel mileage I get 7.9L/100km at 100km/60mph but prefer to drive quicker. Quattro system is the perfect efficient all-wheel drive, especially in Canadian weather. A+ Electronic Stability Computer is so hands off until you push near limits then you notice it hitting the brakes to stop the swinging. This car handles the twisty corners faster and better than any other including BMW. A+ cruise control best calibrated I have every seen. Never abrupt excelleration. A-Brakes a little more effort required to stop slowly but quick stops sucked my eyes out. A+ Absolute perfect fit and finish inside out. No plasticy, thin, cheap, cheesy materials. A. Leather seats are very good, a little hot in the summer. I have black on black. A+ perfect wood trim. C- cup holder over stereo. What is that? A+ Ergonomics and no wasted cabint space. A+ Front seat 12 way ajustable power & room. A- back seat leg room if fronts seats pushed too far back. A+ Back seat comfort with big solid arm rest with first aid kit. 5'2' Wife says the back seats may be even more comfortable than the front. B+ trunk space but bigger than many in class and more space if locking fold-down rear seats opened. A+ Too many standard features and reasonably priced packages. A+ 4 driver memory settings includes seat, mirror and even dual-zone climate control. A+ programming 3 button HomeLink. B+ Steering wheel audio controls only avail on 4 spoke wheel. A+ Built in child LATCH system for quick car seat installation for our 3 year old. A+ safety features through out. Sales people were helpful, willing to drop price 5.6% off in-stock msrp and great fun. Trained and willing to show me what this car could do partly off-road, I would not try with mine.:-)  I don't know if I like the new big grills on the 2006's and up but the car is a work of art.
I paid $29,500.00. The A4 1.8T Sport is a great car. I would recommend it to anyone who is in the market for a car in this price range. There is even the wagon (Avant) for anyone needing more cargo capacity.
I am absolutely in love with this car!  I test drove my car and bought it the the next day.  The interior of the car is IMO better than the 323/325 and goes completely loaded for some $5000 less.  The five speed is geared a little low for the freeway driving in Detroit, but I don't have to downshift to pass either.  The Bose sound system is worth the extra money as well as the sport package due to the better looking wheels (the stock 15s are really bad!).  This is a great value if you are looking to get in to an entry level sport compact sedan from Germany.For those interested in tuning a simple $500 chip gives a ~50hp increase, this was well worth the money and my car is now over 1/2 second quicker than the 2.8 with a manual.
I purchased my Audi to replace my GMC Jimmy that was breaking down weekly and have never once regreted it.  Audi's warrantee pays for everything (including belts, oil, headlights, etc.) for the first three years which gives me giant peace of mind (I have never really had to use it though). I paid about $23,000 for the A4 1.8T with the sports package (sun roof, xenon lights, etc.).I have never had a car that was so much fun to drive.  I am not overly status consious but it makes me feel good when I constantly get compliments on how good my car looks.  If my car was stolen -- I would do no research. I would go to my Audi dealer and buy a new one immediately.Michael
I bought it through the web from Shelton Imports in Ft Myers, Fl.. Best way to shop is by Autobytel or Carpoint.. 
$35,000 on lease. Great alternative to the other German sedans.  Beautiful car that is less of a status symbol and just a great vehicle. Quattro will save you in both normal and aggressive driving manuevers.  Great feeling of security in rain, even at 80mph highway speeds. Unique sensations when powering through turns as Quattro does its thing.  Sure, the BMW can hang the tail out with power oversteer, but sooner or later you'll swap ends in your $30k+ vehicle and hate life. Better try this in something a little less expensive... or earlier in your driving career. Beside, the A4 gets around a race course just as fast as the 3 series. The interior is a knock out - I never thought I'd appreciate wood trim and the other touches this much.  Tres stylish.  Always look forward to driving it and get out with a smile on my face - what more can you ask?  Had to leave this one with my ex.  I'm looking forward to getting the redesigned 2002 model for my self - it looks even better!
A great car for a fair price. I was considering a BMW 323, Contour SVT, Lincoln LS, or a Dodge what-cha-macallit. I narrowed it down to the BMW and Audi. Sure, beemers may have more ooomph, but they are more expensive and it seems everyone and thier grandma has one, and I prefer the all wheel drive over the BMW's rear wheel drive hands down.I drive this car on twistie mountain roads almost daily and the more I do the more I appreciate this car, specially in the rain. Love to pass up SUV's which have spun out with a smile!
Awesome value, good looking car.  Makes you look really classy with your friends.  If you are not the Audi type and want an all whell drive a4 check out the 4motion Passat.  THats also a great car.
$30,100 fully loaded with manual transI will and do recodmmend this car to everyone I talk to.
Great car for the money.  I have not had a single day where I wish I had bought something else.
I paid $28.1K for my car. I would recomend it to every one I see. One of the safest cars I have driven. My last one was totalled, but saved me fom serious injury! Thats why I bought it again. This is my 5th Audi, and I have nothing bad to say about them.This car is perfect for anyone who needs a sporty, yet very luxurious car, that is safe too for about $30K.
The car is an excellent performer when it is not in the shop. Excellent handling at high speeds. Very solid feel on the road.
I'm going to make this short and sweet for everyone that is thinking about getting an Audi. The first mistake is the name Audi. Audi should change there name to HEADACHE!!!!!! I purchased my A4 spanking new back in 2003 (black on black). Nice car I thought until I found myself more at the shop then at my office. At one point, I was thinking about bringing in my desk from work and placing it in the Audi Shop because I'm always there. I can't even go out and party with friends because my car is always on the back of someone's tow truck!!!! I have to make sure that I have reliable shoes because at any given time, I know that I will be footing it. At purchase, Audi needs to give there customers a bus pass, a quarter, and some nice walking shoes because they do not make reliable cars.  The car is great for the first two years but if the car is 1 minute and 1 second over the second year, please run the opposite way. You will spend so much money fixing the car that you will not enjoy the Audi experience. Unless you have deep pockets, I do not recommend getting an Audi.  If Audi wanted me to be there P.R. rep and pay me 1 mill a year, I would still drive another car. The headache is not worth it. Please, Please, Please, run the opposite way when you see an Audi. In conclusion, the car sucks. If you are thinking about getting an Audi, please have a bottle of asprin handy because you will need it for your headache.   
I really loved my black on black Audi A4 1.8t Quattro with sport, cold weather, & premium packages (& upgraded stereo). The styling and handling (esp. over 90 mph) was outstanding. It felt rock solid at high speeds. But over time, my confidence in Audi declined. I recently traded in my Audi at 43K miles. I was just too afraid to keep it after the 50k warranty expired. For the first 10k miles, I had no problems. Then I started having minor problems.. A noise in the steering wheel drove me crazy (turned out to be a bad spring in the airbag), and both headlights had to be replaced (twice) and a tailight and a brake light had to be changed before 35k miles. Other minor problems included repeated headlight adjustments, occasional radio glitches,and worst of all, a very foul odor from the AC (the drain was clogged- this took several trips to various dealers because Royal claimed there were 'no drains' in the A4 and all the AC condensation just evaporated! Wrong!). Then at 28K I was driving home around midnight and my fuel pumped died WHILE I was driving fast pretty on the freeway. I was stranded in the middle of the night halfway between SF and Sac. Audi roadside assistance was horrible (long story but they were rude and useless). (Oh yeah Audi eventually recalled the fuel pump about a year AFTER mine died, so I guess others had that same problem). After that I had some other alignment issues (tire destroyed and left me stranded after the dealer had just 'inspected' and rotated my tires. (I then found out Audi only gives you one free alignment in their maintenance program). In short, I just had a feeling that these and other problems would only get worse after my warranty was up. Since everything was covered (except that 2nd alignment), I was only out of pocket my time. It was with a sad heart that I decided to say goodbye to my Audi. The car handled and looked great. It did have some minor turbo lag as well, but it wasn't too bad. Audi's are beautiful cars. I think though, that they do require a lot more time in the shop than what I was willing to spend. Do I still miss my Audi? Yes, I have to say I do. No doubt about it, there is a trade off between reliability and the German feel of these cars. For me, my new Acura comes close in terms of 'funness' to drive (but it is not as stable at high speed). However, the peace of mind I feel with new Acura's reliability was the deciding factor for to trade in my A4. I would be careful getting an Audi that was out of warranty...
My 1.8t A4 Cab is a beautiful car. It handles great. It bought it with the luxury and sport package.It gets a lot of looks while I'm driving it. It is very comfortable to drive and the backseat is usable. I wanted something other than a BMW and loved the look of the car. The car is equiped with the new cvt transmission. It takes some time getting used to it. It takes off slowly but once you get going it drives great. Lastly, this will be my first and last purchase of an Audi product. The lack of speed and a quick start off the line takes away from all of the good the car has to offer. Audi could fix the problem easily by eliminating the CVT transmission. I am just suprised that all of the car magazines missed this in their review of the car. Not one magazine wrote about how poor the cvt transmission performed from a standing start. They only commented on how smooth it was but it took some time getting used to it. I wished that I noticed this characteristic during the test drive.
I bought my 2003 A4 from a dealership in Regina, SK. These guys gave me 4 percent of MSRP. I ordered the car and got it 5 months later. The 850 km drive was worth the saving and service. Audi treated us with professionalism and class. The local dealership would not even offer 2 percent off. I ordered a Silver A4 Quattro 1.8T with the sport package. I also ordered an extra 16' mags for the winter with the proper tires. The whole thing came up to 43000$. Well worth it. I got the car in Nov 2002 and drove it home. I love this car and every time I see another one on the road.    When I wanted to purchase the car, I compared it to BMW 325, Volvo S60, VW Passat 1.8T, and Saab 9-3. I was treated nicely at every location except BMW. I thought these people were full of themself. I got in to these dealership and told them which cars I was comparing. The only dealership that needed to put down other vehicles was BMW. Don’t get me wrong, I like bimmers, but the money is not worth the attitude I got. You’ll pay extra for cruise control, rear folding seats, huge $$$ for a sport package. As far as driving goes. If you want a very soft ride, get the Saab or Volvo. These two were very comfortable but no where near the status of sport sedan. They have little sport performance to them. The Passat was to much for me (I just turn father and this had space for 3 more kids!!!).     When come to looks, the A4 with the sport package is just drop dead gorgeous. All maintenance is included (mind you that’s also every 15 000 km). The performance in winter condition no where comparable to the rest of the pack.
$30,000.00To anyone looking for cars in this price range this is your best choice.Nothing compares to this car. Cars I have noticed in this price range would be Honda Accords, VW Passat, Infiniti G20T, Volvo s40. None of these cars come close to the Audi A4. The only car that is fair to compare this car to is the BMW 3 series and there $5,000-$10,000 more.
Good Stuff (lots): A fully loaded manual for less that 30k is a steal for this car.  This is an extremely well made car and is a blast to drive. Timeless exterior design with an oustanding interior which rivals even MB's. Full torque at low rpms so it is much quicker that cars with equal amounts of horsepower and holds torque to redline. The best part about this car is just driving it.  After properly breaking the engine in and adding an after market ecu upgrade, A friend and I decided to take a 'spirited' drive on a twisty mountain road.  With Quattro in hand, let me say that this car absolutely rocks! The cornering and acceleration really stand out when driving the car hard, but even at regular city driving, the car drives great too. You feel just as confident behind the wheel at 20 as you do at 120.Bad Stuff (not a lot)-more stock power would be nice but this can be easily upgraded.  Similar complaints as most..cupholders are a joke and backseat is pretty tight but no car is perfect..this one is pretty close though. The four cylinder 1.8 is meant to be a high reving engine which is exactly how i drive it, however, at 80 mph, almost 4000 rpm is a little high.  It would be really nice to drop it into a sixth gear for long trips on long roads (Vegas baby!) My advice...get every option you can accept the automatic (1.8t is more fun to drive w/ manual). Read the other reviews here and other places (audiworld.com etc..) and you will quickly find out how many other people are raving about this model.  I recommend the sportier 1.8 for those more likely to do a few aftermarket upgrades and the 2.8 for those looking for a more 'refined' car (leather/wood etc..) Hope this review helps and hope to see you out on the road with your new car soon :)        
Awesome looks and performance.  Engine getting better and better as it breaks in (now 8000 miles) and loves to rev.  Gets better mileage around town with slightly heavy right foot.  :-)  Get the manual, and you'll out accelerate all those automatic 2.8s.  This is a car that loves to eat up the miles on the highway.  Quattro with snows (Michelin Arctic Alpins rule!) unstoppable in New England winter.  Drove by lots of SUVs in the ditch. The front seats are comfortable for 6'+ people, and the interior is extremely well done.  Don't miss the wood trim at all.  Gotta like those xenon lights.  they make driving at night a true pleasure.Who should buy this car?  Anyone who is looking for a stylish, well designed car that will provide years and years of enjoyable driving (right brained people), who also want a well built, practical (gotta love all the space in the back), car that's going to bring many years of service (left brained people).  
My second test drive was awesome mainly because I had open road.  Drove the BMW 323ci just before hand and was blown away but the 323ci.  When I got in the A4 1.8T Quattro and although it didn't match the pure acceleration power of the 323ci V6, it was comparable eventhough it was a 4 cylinder I4.  Hard cornering is awesome on the A4, quite a bit better than then BMW.  The Quattro system is amazing especially when my saleperson took us 'offroad' to demostrate quattro drive.  Quite an impressive demostration especially when my saleperson told us to take the car offroad.  Great value for the money.  Can't take the BMW skiing but definitely ok with the A4.
Great handling car because of the Quattro. I would not get the A4 without this option. It's what makes the car. The interior is very comfortable. Built for driving. The interace inside is very cool. 
i would highly recommend this car to anyone who likes to drive. it's  comfortable, stylistic, and QUATTRO has got be the edge on this car. handling is one of the best. perfect for an outdoors person who goes up to the mountains in style.
I paid less than the MSRP of $35,000 and I would very heartily recommend it.  If money isn't an issue (yeah, right) then the BMW 328 is a superior car (but not necessarily the 323).   Of course, for the nearly $40K that the 328 runs, you might want to look at the Audi S4 . . .  
Do I recommend it?  Sure, but be aware that it's a luxury tourer and not a ultra-serious performance sedan, even if grip is quite impressive.  It doesn't communicate enough with the driver, in my opinion.  It likes being driven quickly on long stretches of highway, where it's a great partner.  Quiet competence, refinement and beauty are the best words to describe it, I thnik.  But it's not the magical combination of intoxicating performance, practicallity, value and economy that Saab offers.  Ah well, I still have one Saab left, a '96 9000 Aero.  Now that's a real sports sedan!
I paid 3,000 less that MSRP, as they were making room for the 2001 models.I would definitely recommend this car!The colour is growing on me!
The plan was to buy a German sports car for the family, because BMW is too expensive ($7000 for same features) I though Audi will be next best.  I like Audi styling and ergonomics, great job.I have the following problems: Wind noise is bad, vibration noises in dash, non-functional door mirrors and difficult to find professional service center.I recommend BMW quality and quality service.  I test drove Lexus IS and BMW 328i, BMW was very nice and solid.
Paid 26885 with trade in and before taxes. Best car purchase(first new car). Love my car everyday and would not buy anything else. Test drove a 97 Audi A4 in 97, but could not afford it at the time. Now I have the money and just needed a new car after driving used. If you want a fun to drive sports sedan with an elegant look and feel buy this car. It is worth every penny. Great service - 3yr/50k miles for 2000 models. 2001 and greater offer 4yr/50k. I love the car. Now I have a hard time driving anything else even for a day or so. If you have the money, are looking for a new one, get this car.
An excellent car, that is superbly balanced. A nice niche between Mercedes and BMW. At around $31k for a nearly fully loaded A4 1.8T it is a great deal compared to its other rivals.C240-to soft and supple to induce any pulse rate quickening325i-the best of the best along with the A4IS300-boy racer wannabe feel, japanese boy-racer styling, underpoweredS40/60-Volvos have been and always will be refridgerators on wheels9-3-Completely outdated and outclassed, even by japanese competitorsContour SVT-fast, sharp, nice. Contours don't have good image in US thoughG20t-a joke at best. its pretty much just a sentra/altimaNot much else to say. Go out and test drive your prospects and let your own heart decide.
A great alternative to a small/midsize SUV, without any of the disadvantages.  Small, quick, and will out handle any SUV, with just as much cargo space.  After owning a couple SUVs and then the Audi Avant, I have to wonder why someone would buy one.  Most people never take them off road (I only did a couple times in 8 years).  They're gas hogs, slow, handle poorly and everyone has one.  Also, compared to the BMW 323/325, it is more comfortable, looks just as good, is a much better value, handles comparably, and whole lot less of em'!  
I loved my car when I first got it. It's unfortunate that this beautiful car is having so many problems. 
(2000 Model) - In my opinion, the Audi A4 1.8T is the best-of-class in the entry/near luxury sports sedan market (Lincoln LS, Volvo S40, BMW 323, Acura CL, Infiniti I30). It combines a fun ride with  good looks at a very competitive price. The Lincoln and Volvo are new models and, though popular, have yet to prove themselves. The BMW constantly gets high approval ratings as a driver's car but is overpriced, especially when loaded. The Acura and Infiniti models are also favorites with the critics, and though well priced, only provide a ho-hum driving experience. If you're looking for a great ride with real attention to detail, and you'd rather not spend more than $30K, the Audi A4 1.8T will make you one happy puppy.
Best car I've ever owned, and I've owned quite a few.  All around great car in every category, such as fun to drive, lots of standard equipment, safe, AWD, beautiful inside and out, and seems to be made as solid as a safe.
This car is nothing short of a hunk of junk. It drives real nice when it's not in the shop, but I'm sick and tired of having to continually bring it in for repair of nagging little problems.
I never thought I would lust after a wagon but even after 2 years I'm still in love with my A4. It is not perfect, but like any truly interesting person its idiosyncrasies are easily outweighed by its wonderful character. It is the perfect anti-SUV. Like many German cars it is a bit over-engineered but I'll take that over the inadequate engineering of most domestic and Asian cars.
I have a Audi 2.8 V6 quattro with sport package, xenon lights and convenient package. This car is powerful, safe and the quattro is just amazing~ Eventhough some people might complain about the 4WD being a gas gobbler, but it provide the ultimate handling and safety especially in wet and slippery weather. Overall, A4 is one of the best car on this planet!!
This car is fast and its quick on the corners thanks to the quattro. It look amazing I get alot of looks when i am driving it. Turbo is a gift from God. I love it, i could not ask for anything better in my opinion. its the sports pacakage.
Bought it used at 27k miles.  Nice car....so far, but Wish I got the manual trans.
I bought a brand new Audi 2.8Q with xenon lights, sports package and convenient package back in the summer of 2000. The car is just amazing. Adequate power (incredible low end torque), perfect interior, superb built quality, and of course the quattro system which I think is the greatest all wheel drive system in the world. I wouldn't want anything besides an Audi in the future!!
I finally got rid of my Audi A4, unfortunately I still have the bad memories. Everything was bad; purchasing experience, service and car quality.    To start with, I could not find an Audi sales person who wanted to sell me an Audi, my very old BMW must have scared them. Unfortunately the only Audi sales person I felt I could work with was the biggest liar and 'crook', for example he told me when leasing a car I should also pay for all my taxes up front. I was young and stupid, therefore I believed him.    After having my brand new Audi I found two doors were misaligned which caused a lot of wind noise at low speeds. Took almost 6 months to fix that. After 2 years the car just refused to start, had to tow the Audi in to fix that. Servicing my Audi was almost never a pleasant experience.    I bought a Mazda MPV (manufactured in Hiroshima, Japan), you will not believe how happy I am with the minivan.
I've owned the car for over 3 yrs and it was great while it was under warranty. Audi has a great warranty 50 bumper to bumper, I got the 100k cause I had a gut feeling that I would need it. I was great for the first few years but problems started to come out way earlier than I expected. Rear brakes started wearing out prematurely 3 times, burned oil, uncomfortable leather seats, radio blinked like it was possesed, cruise control sometimes will not work especially when you needed it, wierd leak in front. O2 sensor issues, Check engine lights,(very annoying). I guess it is a trade off if you want the solid German feel or the solid Japanese reliability. You really have to choose. Good luck!
Well what can i say the car has been really well to me minor problems but its normal wear and tear. I have pushed the limits of this car while living in Germany.Then lived in California to Mississippi to Michigan still no problems.Going on 5 years old now still great car interior dont rattle like most american cars and it dont sound Hollow like most Japanese cars. However i feel for some poeple who buy the Automatic tranny versions i read some reports about some tranny problems. This is why i Bought a manual in the first place.. just change gear oil every service time required and it will never fail you.      Mechanically the engine it self is really well engeineered I have the 2.8 V6.Its been around quiet a while so its been Debuged to near perfect profection.Gas milage is still good in my opinion but hey if you buy a premuim car gas is the least of your worries right? To own this car and have it repaired buy dealers can be expensive so take that it consideration that these cars need a new timing every 70,000 miles and here in Michigan thats a $1,200.00 service. but that includes all the rollers,a new waterpump,tensioner,belt,and coolant which is a little pricey so have it done when it goes in for service..   I currently have 88500 miles on my car and the engines still sounds quiet and smooth. I use only Mobile 1 syntheitc oile and changer every 3800 miles. its a little excessive caompared to manufactures 5000 miles. But i really run my car hard on the highway.    For the body the only thing i needed to replace so far is the driver side heated mirror a Right front head light washer which was my fault. because i let it freeze with some cheap washer fluid i used that could protect it from freezing temps it cost about $48.00. and a broken foglight which was a one in a million chance that a rock hit it it was th most expensive so far $160.00 Buts that is all i had to do for the car And thats only cosmetics. However i had a emission valve go bad but i fixed it by replacing the valve that was 3 years ago. it caots $78.00.   So spent a Woping $346.00 in the 5 years i owned this cars for little stupid things which are only cosmetics Minus the vale i bought too. So its actually less. I would recomend this car to anyone that can afford a new one or even a used one. The only thing is buying a used one is taking a chance because soo many americans i have seen dont take care of thier personal belongings.Some people dont relize a car needs to be serviced properly and taken care of not just washNwax. Wich goes for everything else people own. So it's like any thing else, you take care of it and it will take care of you.
Would not purchase another Audi do to the radio reception problems which annoy me to no end. It's a shame this has to mar all of the good qualities of this car but it does detract greatly from my pleasure of usage.
Always wanted to own a supposedly fine German Luxury Automobile.  After comparing the BMW's, Audi's, VW'sm etc..., I finally decided on the Audi. After owning it 8 months, I must say I was merely 'satisfied' with the car.  All the good points were marred by the bad. Poor reliability, poor dealer service, etc...
I've owned this car for almost a year, and I'm not looking to get rid of it. For anybody who knows me, that says it all.With a .8 chip upgrade this car is more than you can ask for for the price.  It corners without effort.  It tracks like a laser-guided level.  The engine's torque curve is a non stop delight whenever I drive it (with the chip).  Highway passing power is more than adequate.  Build quality rivals or surpasses bland ol' Lexus.  The quattro system and the turbo make it a perfect match for Colorado, where the turbo says 'What lack of air pressure?'.  To top it all off the car is just beautiful in every angle, and the interior is a delight.  This car is just near perfect.  
This is one fine car which is well-suited for couples with no children or singles looking for a good-lookin,, executive 'thriller' ride - it will not disappoint!  Not for families since the rear legroom is poor.The car was an obsession of mine for a long time but the reality is about 3 times better than the fantasy - how many times does that happen in real life, eh?!I got a series of options unavailable in the USA - Santorin Blue metallic paint, Ecru Leather/Royal Blue and Vavona woodgrain interior, AUDI Symphony/BOSE 10-speaker Premium stereo, 16' wheels, Sunroof and foglights......altogether a beautiful car.....My next car is the A6.
Even after 18 months, I still don't get tired of looking at this car. It is simply beautiful, inside and out. I am 6'4', and this is a very comfortable car. It really feels underpowered when you have the auto. trans., even with the V6. I would've gotten the 5 speed, but this was for my wife. But the new 2002 with 230HP should be just right! The handling is terrific with the optional sport sspention, I don't have to slow down for exit ramps anymore. My car stickered for 36,500 (almost loaded), 3 to 4 thousand less than a BMW or Mercedes with the same equipment. I have gotten more compliments than I can count.
German quality, features, handling, braking, and comfort.  If it had more room in the back seat, I'd buy another to replace my comfortable 1987 Acura Legend sedan.I did not get Quattro, a V6, or automatic transmission.  By not getting those, I saved at least $5K and more importantly, my A4 weighs only 2,998 pounds vs. 3,505 pound.  Consequently, it is very quick and nimble, and IMO more fun to drive.  Even without the Quattro it handles wonderfully and sticks like glue when cornering.  The only option I got was the moonroof.  If I were ordering today, I'd probably add the sports package (different steering wheel, 16-inch tires).
All around fantastic car!  Owned for a year and a half now with zero mechanical problems.  Sport package is the best deal on the planet and the ride that it gives is a perfect blend of controlled smoothness and agressiveness.  The motor is a little on the weak side (150hp, 150lb/ft) but is more than adequate for everyday driving.  Too many tuners exist willing to bump this motor to anywhere from 200hp to 300hp for this to be a real issue though.  Rear seat can be a little cramped, but then again, I only sit in the drivers seat.  All in all, the best car I've ever owned and a high, high recommendation.
I have had the this car for almost 3 years and can't find one bad word to say about it.  The style, engineering and comfort all add to the equation. Awesome.  The Quatro system has hauled me around MN in the worst weather conditions without a hick-up. I wish the 1.8t could run the same stock hp as the tt, but aftermarket potential is unlimited. Way to go Audi, you hit a home run.
Absolutely gorgeous, inside and out.  Quality and attention to detail are staggering.  Almost every day I find some neat little thing that I never knew about before.  The handling with the sport package is balanced and grips well.  There's a bit too much body roll, but nothing that couldn't be firmed up with some aftermarket tuning.  I absolutely LOVE the turbo engine due to it's flexibility and tuneability as well.  With a chip, this car is a screamer.
I FELL IN LOVE WITH IT.  HAD 5000 MILES ON IT NOW HAS 27000 AND STILL RUNS GREAT NO MAJOR PROBLEMS OTHER THAN NEW TIRES AND LOUSY REMOTE.  MAINTAINCE PROGRAM IS GREAT. A LITTLE NOISY ON BUMPY ROADS.  IN SUMMER THE AIR IS NOISY BUT COOLS GREAT. SUCKS GAS LIKE A WEED AND IS EXPENSIVE TO INSURE RATED AS A SYMBOL 18 VERY HIGH!FACTORY TIRES ARE USELESS I SUGGEST NEW ONES  A MUST IF YOU LIVE IN AN AREA WITH SNOW.I AM ONLY CONSIDERING A NEW CAR ONLY BECAUSE OF THE INSURANCE RATES AND BACK LEG ROOM.
First the ugly:The backseat is minimal.  Don't put anyone over 5'9' back there unlessthey are riding to the chiropractor.  Purely for short people and kids.Forget about putting three passengers across.  It simply does not fit.The bad:For an expensive car with sporting intentions, it feels underpowered.My A4 is equipped with Quattro and Tiptronic transmission and comes tothe scale at 3800+ lbs.  Very heavy for a compact sedan.  The fueleconomy also suffers, getting about 19mpg around town on premium.  Iwant better than the low 9 second 0-60 acceleration time with that kindof price premium and gas mileage.  By comparison, my SVT gets 7 secondflat in 0-60 and 24 mpg.Also for such a pricey vehicle, CD player is not a standard feature.  Thestereo design does not lend itself to any kind of upgrade.  So I had topay an extra $1200 for a mediocre Bose system to get a trunk mounted CDchanger.  To which I say no thanks!My A4 also suffered a mysterious stalling problem.  It took 3 separate trips to Rusnak Audi before they could properly diagnose the problem and fix it.  There also a number of recalls that shouldn't have occurred on a luxury car.  On par with my SVT in the reliability aspect.The good:This vehicle is smooth and confidence inspiring in everything it does.  Itrides very well and very quietly.  I am sure the sumo wrestler heft helpsto this end.  The steering is as accurate and communicative as anythingI've driven, on par with Bimmer 323i I've test driven.  The brakes arepowerful and modulate very easily.  They stop RIGHT NOW.  The driving position is excellent, with the most comfortable seat behind the wheelthat I've ever sat in.  The rest of the inteior design is also excellent,all contributing to an wonderful driving experience.  Not only that, thecar is also very quiet.  All this conspires to a great highway cruiser for two.  I can easily gobble down 8~900 miles a day behind the wheel.Along the same line, the Quattro system is confidence inspiring.  I'veoften found myself perplexed at why other cars were milling about so slowlyand then realized that the road condition is less than ideal.  The handlingcapability is also very high in the dry (sport suspension).The fit and finish is also above reproach.  The only other brand that Ifound to pay as much attention to detail is Lexus.  The red instrumentback light is strange at first.  But they are less fatiguing on the eyesfor extended night time driving.  By comparison, the Bimmer 323i looks crudely assembled and the SVT built by a bunch of middle school apprentices.Not only that, the exterior has that handsome, purposeful look that's notovertly in your face like a boy racer with wings, scoops and ground effects.  Sadly, the next generation A4, due model year 02, will look likea miniature A6 and not nearly as good.  I hate to see the current designgo.  I'd rather see A6 redesigned to look like a larger version of A4than the other way around.Out of all my nitpicking, Audi has either addressed the problem in latermodel years or with their newer offerings such as the S4's or A6 2.7Ts.For my next luxury vehicle purchase, I'd go with the 2.7t.  It's notbecause A4 is not an exemplary car.  It's just that A6 2.7T is much bettervalue and fits my current needs better.
This car will seduce you. Sit in it at the dealer and you're a gonner. The Quattro will take you through the twisties with a minimum of fuss. The quality of the interior bits is generally very good. But... the 30 valve V-6 sounds loose at idle and has a torque curve as erratic as a 30-day NASDAQ average. Mate that with the clutch on a 5-speed manual that doesn't want to engage with any regularity and you end up fighting the car every time you shift. It's not a happy combination. Build quality is also suspect. The Vinyl coating started peeling off the steering wheel air bag cover in the first month I owned it. The computer display in the dash would wash out on one side once the car warmed up. I had it replaced and the new unit repeated the same problem. The right rear window couldn't be rolled up all the way because it was so badly misaligned. All of these problems were brought to the dealer, who couldn't find their *** with two hands and a funnel. They either couldn't recreate the variety of problems I had (common for a lot of cars, I know), couldn't fix the problems they did find or refused to do what they committed to do to make the car right. I wouldn't trust this dealer to take out the trash. A Saab 9-3 SE now sits in my garage where the Audi once resided. It has a higher build quality, much happier engine/tranny combo, more power and a much better dealer. 
I would strongly suggest you drive this car at slow speeds between 20-30 and see how it down shifts and up shifts between the lower gears, if you hear a clanking sound or it feels unusually rough this could be a sign of bigger problems. Don't just do it once do it a number of times, take you foot of the gas, then moderately step on it and release, repeat this if it's shifting smoothly you don't have a problem.
I like to call this car, my money pit. I bought it new in 1999 and it worked well until 50,000 miles. It's been all downhill since. Im now at 136,000 miles. The most disappointing car i've owned in 22 years.
Compared with my previous BMW 328, this car was superior in virtually every way. The fit and finish were outstanding. Interior and exterior styling were the best. Handling with Quattro is sticky.
Purchased recently (3-months ago)as 3-yr old (one-owner) vehicle off lease. (83Km/50,000 miles)  Solid, sure-footed and safe. Road-grip/feel is top-notch. Comfortable and sporty (sport package and seats). Seats, steering wheel and driveability are all excellent.    Dealer service/customer service somewhat suspect. Clunking front suspension and knocking steering column vibrations dealer was unable to detect/correct/fix. (Vehicle brought in twice for this concern).   It saddened me to learn (through Internet searches, after I had brought the car in for service, twice) that these are well-documented and understood problem areas with 1998-2001 A-4's. It is a shame that the dealership did not simply point out this (well-known) problem and recommend a repair strategy/fix. The rattling/clunking concerns (and annoys) me, as does the (we don't know what your talking about)attitude of service dep't.  Other than that, a seemingly well-designed automobile. We'll see what's in store after 1-year of ownership?
This car was great for the first three years. Hardly a problem, but after the 3 year or 45,000 miles warantee/service deal ran out it has been a nightmare of a car. Before my Audi, I owned a Honda Accord (never a problem in 250,000 miles) and a Pontiac Fiero GT (only two problems in 165,000 miles). Both of these vehicles were much less troublesome than the piece of junk that sits in my driveway today.
A great car when it comes to luxury. The seats are comfortable, the stereo system is good, and so is the suspension system. Since it was bought i have had a few problems, mainly with the rotors which had to be changed within the first few months of ownership. However, that was taken care of through warranty.    For a 1.8L turbo, its not the biggest on power, especially when compared to a car like the WRX which is only 200cc bigger, and yet has 57 more horse power. Thats mainly due to the small turbo in the A4. However, it still makes for a wonderful drive with great acceleration, especially in second gear. The quattro system is amazing, really giving the driver confidence going into a corner when snow or ice is on the road.    Hard driving is fun in this little beast. Step on the gas, the front end pops up, and away you go.     Not the most fuel efficent car, especially when you have to buy the most expensive fuel out there! Overall, its definatly a car I'm gonna look after, since I want to have it around for a long time.
Styling,fit,finsih,interior etc all fine  Power and handling are very good.
Quick and nimble, this is the one car I have ever had that hasn't lulled me to sleep. It has been put through its paces, driven in freezing rain, snow, torrential downpours, and every kind of traffic. Had to make panic stops to avoid deer, and accidents. In every situation it has behaved impeccably. Hydroplaning is not a problem because the drive system keeps the nose pointed straight. Studded Nokian tires make this car able to handle any winter condition with aplomb. With two adults, one child, two dogs, and a roof box, have averaged 24.8 mpg. Not bad. The 1.8T motor pulls to the redline without a hitch, reaching the speed limit almost in second gear, which makes launching from an on-ramp less problematic. Terrific ride.
I talked to several Audi owners before I purchased this car and was expecting a long happy relationship with my new car. What I got instead was problem after problem. Granted, I probably got a bad banana in the bunch, because I'm hard pressed to find others who have had problems. I have only 35K miles and have had lots of little (and not so little) annoying problems. First, I had to have the brake disks reground when the break pads failed in under 10K miles. Second, the engine CPU died at about 15K miles, making the car *almost* unable to get to the dealership. Third, the plastic housing on the emergency brake disintegrated - I'm talking really cheap crumbly plastic here. Fourth, there is a leak in the hydraulics that causes the clutch pedal to stick in (requiring me to pull it out with my foot). Four trips to dealer haven't fixed that one, so now, I just let it be. Fifth, the other day, I was walking around the car and noticed that the plastic outer bumper unhooked and was hanging out. I managed to slam it back into place, but still, what the heck is that all about? Finally, the stock tires I got were very bad in inclimate weather. I'm currently in the process of buying another car, I've had it with this one.
This is my first Audi and I am very happy with my A4.  It is an uncommon choice in a sea of BMW and Mercedes Benz here in Southern CA.  The Quattro system is what sold me on the A4.  The system contributes to a solid, surefooted feel when pushed through the turns.  Not to mention the piece of mind it gives you in inclement weather.  The styling and attention to detail of the interior can't be beat in almost any class of car.  The body is very pleasing but is becoming less distinctive as more auto makers get inspiration from what is becoming a classic design.
I bought my '99 A4 at invoice last year.  Everyone who enters my A4 admires the beautiful sporty interior (ecru/Blk interior).The 1.8T does not seem like a 4-banger, and the V6 is silky.I highly recommend this vehicle to anyone looking for a sporty feel with a touch of german luxury. I waited almost 2 years to get my hands on mine, worth every penny. Gotta go drive now......
I love this car, I have to drive a company car once in a while and I hate doing it. This car is definitely a drivers car not just a basic transporation tool. It is good for a small family or if you have small friends to sit in the backseat. Handling is solid and the suspension is soft enough for a pleasent ride. Sweet spot is reached above 80 MPH and includes great passing power at that speed. At around 40-60 feels a little boring. Open roads are a must!. Can't beat what you get for the price. Next is an S4
I absolutely love the 2.8 Quattro A4 that I leased over a month ago. I did alot of reasearch and it came down to BMW 328, the Acura TL and the A4. The A4 won hands down in all categories. Its handling is as precise as a porsche and with the full time quattro 4 wheel drive it corners like a racecar. The car is on the small side, but the trunk is VERY roomy, and the interior is comfortable. The car also has a great look to it. Definitely go for the 1999.5 model (the gar was given a number of upgrades mid-year) or the 2000 model. Also Audi has great lease deals once in a while. I leased a fully loaded 2.8 Quattro A4 (heated seats, leather, sunroof, BOSE system, ski bag, plus much more) for $399 a month for 39 months 0$ down! 
I chose this car based on price, features and past experience with BMW. It felt like most of the miles on our BMW 323 were from going back and fourth to the dealer for service. All 4 power windows stopped working in succession. Replaced 3 thermostats. Air conditioning would only work when accelerating. These are only a few among many other issues. It's not a good thing when the dealer's service department knows you by your first name and welcomes you with 'It's nice to see you again.' We have never had a single mechanical issues with either of our Mercedes.     So far the Audi has been very acceptable. In the first week of ownership the heater core was replaced due to a hole that was either there when it was manufactured or developed right away. No other mechanical issues to speak of.    Driving the Audi has been a joy, although acceleration is a little more hesitant than I expected. I guess this is just something you have to accept in a turbocharged engine. Engine is a little rough at idle until it warms, but not anything I would consider an issue. Different driving experience than the BMW. I think the Audi is a firmer ride than the BMW, so long trips are not quite as comfortable. Both corner remarkably well. I enjoy the firmness of the ride, but my wife finds it irritating, she much perfers the plush ride of her Mercedes.    Very happy with the build quality of the Audi's interior. Everything fits together flawlessly. Seating if very comfortable, but perhaps a little narrow for some. I find the interior holds my interest better than the BMW or Mercedes. The Mercedes definately out does both BMW and Audi on quality of materials.    I believe the BMW, Mercedes, and Audi all offer a great product with strong positive points. For the money I feel the Audi is tough to beat. It really depends on what you are looking for. If you look at the BMW without giving Audi a chance you are making a big mistake. If you're looking primarily for luxury and are not so interested in cornering ability, I would recommend the Mercedes every time.
I could not be happier with this car. I have had three trucks in a row and was a little apprehensive about getting a smaller car. After getting it, I've found the room to be more than enough. I'm impressed. The car handles like a dream and I am shocked at how quick and smooth a four cylinder is. This is by far the most refined car that I've ever owned.
Seeing and driving this car on the Autobahn truly puts it in perspective. This car immediately sticks out amongst the other fine German cars I've driven since I've been stationed in Germany. The 2003 Audi 1.8T Quattro is a very good performing car for me. My model is a Doplhin Grey 5-speed,optioned with the sports package, prem. package, and xenon. It's AWD feature gives it the handling prowlness to thwart BMW 3 series in the turns, especially Germany's winding twisty backroads. This car further puts to shame most vehicles in foul weather where the quattro and ESP really shine. I highly recommend the sports package if you are interested in the fun aspect. Another aspect I think the A4 has over a number of competitors is it's standard features and interior quality. The leather has a very nice texture, the seats are supportive and can easily accomidate my 6'1' frame. The standard sound system comes with a 6-disc in-dash changer which is always nice. The trunk space is large and the opening nice. The over-all fit and finish is second to none of the cars that I've previously drove, which includes a number of the other cars I looked at in this price spectrum and a few pricier ones. The engine is smooth and has no noticable turbo lag. However, if I were to change a thing or two on the car, I would up the power output on the 1.8T another 10 hp or so. Just FYI this can be done easily seeing how the Audi TT has a 180hp and 225hp with an additional intercooler. If you are debating between a BMW 3-series and this car. For the money, the Audi is the obvious choice. Drive and compare for yourself.
I put in a review after owning my 2002 A4 1.8T for a week. Then it was a great car, now it is the BEST car I have driven. I love getting up every day and commuting to work even if it takes me an hour....  The drive in this car is great. It handles well and it gets in and out quickly from traffic. Especially having a 5 Speed.    Recommend anyone to go try one of these new A4's. Have had minor problems with it. One of my xenon lights went out, and the 6 CD player went bad, but Audi was very quick in responding and fixing the problem so it is all good. Great service department, by the way...
I liked this car at the beginning, after the first 1000 miles I love it. The performance is outstanding the Michellins really make a difference in the handling. The sports package is a must for this car to look really cool.  The BOSE sounds system rocks.  I tinted the windows early on which goes really good with the silver metallic paint job.  I like the looks I get on the road, this is a very unique looking car on the road. Dealership gave me the cadillac treatment, they even loaned me a TT when I went in to have a sensor light checked.  Mario is the sales guy you want to talk at Advantage, he's really cool and will treat you like a person not like another sale.  I love this car, might go with a TT next time for the extra horsepower.  Oh yeah, the quatro rocks I look forward to taking a tight curb on the road or just avoiding something on the road.
I would not recommend this car unless you are willing to take a chance on reliablity. The warranty goes to 50k miles, but after that you are on your own with very high repair bills. Maybe leasing would be good if you don't drive too many miles.
I've owned this Audi A4 for a little over a year. I have to say it's the best car I've had so far! as you can read in all the reviews, the quattro handles magnificent and will get you out of trouble more than once (specially if snow is a common thing where you live). I definitely recommend snow tires though, specially if you get the sport package because the Dunlop tires that the car has with this package are terrible for the snow. They'll make you skid like you are on a sleigh, not a car.I've had very minor problems with the car but the best thing is its warranty. There hasn't been a single thing that Audi was not willing to replace or fix at $0 cost for me. All in all, this is a great car for its price. Try driving one side by side to a BMW 323i, a Passat or a Volvo S40 and you'll see what a difference it makes when a company actually uses the money the buyer pays for the car.
The A4 2.8 is still the car to get if you have ~$35K and: you want a sedan and you want a manual tranny. Quattro is a huge plus. The 330i is about $5K more and the IS300 has a cheap interior and only comes in an automatic. 
I LOVE this car. Although I recommend that you get a new bmw 3 series if you don't live in a temperate climate. I do. When I go to Vermont to ski there's no car I'd rather have. With the right tires this car could lead the plow. If it werent for the AWD I never would've gotten this car. I've had alot of electrical problems, all covered under warranty and repaired of course. I needed a new sunroof switch,new windshield fluid dispenser(it was leaking all over), a new fuel gauge and sensor(I never knew how much fuel I had in the tank for 2 months--the time it took to get a service appt), I also needed a new steering wheel because the leather started to peel, and a new window for the drivers door because it was getting scratched internally, my cigarette lighter also needed to be fixed(don't plug your cell phone in that thing), and all my cupholders broke and occasionally the cruise control won't work(they haven't fixed that one yet). Needless to say I had a little talk with the mangr at my dealership. That's alot of things wrong considering that our 2000 328ci had NO problems. That's nice. This car also only has enough leg-room in the back for a fetus. I pray you're not a family man/woman. Another down side is that I only get 14-15 MPG. I know because the trip computer tells you. The sticker said at least 17. Granted I do race the engine alot but that's bad mileage. Though it gets better on the highway. On the positive side this car brakes great, has a 10 way power drivers seat, is real comfortable( as long as you're in the front),handles real nice, and is overall very smooth. I'd say that this is a great car for single people or couples living in a snowy area. If I lived in calif. I'd get a RWD BMW.    FINAL NOTE---> The 1.8t is for teenagers. If you're going to do it, do it right. On that car the seat isn't nearly as adjustable, the brakes are smaller, and the car is WAY slower. I got my a4 2.8 for 31,650(every option), which was 5,000 off msrp(year-end special). If you were willing to spend 40k or so you get into the new BMW 330xi AWD sedan coming this fall. I wish I waited.
If you're willing to spend this much money on a passenger car, you can't go wrong. The station wagon model is very attractive, it handles extremely well, and has a genuine German feel to it. The stereo system is awesome, and the digital heating controls are insanely nice. But make sure your beverages stay pint sized and the backseat passengers have good balancing skills. The Audi has a ton of safety features, and while it is smart to put the side airbags inside the seat in the front, it makes no sense for the back where the seats cannot be adjusted. Tell your kids not to rest their head on the seat side nearest the door. Also, the remote works only from about 5 feet away. Otherwise, this is a truly amazing car!!! If you can afford it, get it!
Overall this car is a sweet deal.  We had our eye on this car for about a year before we ordered it.  Well worth the wait.  This car is beautiful and I recommend silver - the best looking color and easy to maintain - always looks clean and scratches don't show up.The handling is a little bumpy and the 1.8T is a little underpowered.  In retrospect we would have preferred shelling out the extra $5k and getting the 2.8.  The chip upgrade supposedly takes the 1.8 from 150 to 190 HP so we're going to investigate that.Overall, a great car and about the best around for under $30k.  Quattro is great for handling and means we can take it to the snow!
I wholeheartedly recommend the A4 for anyone who truly enjoys driving.  If you decide to go with the 1.8t (amazing engine) get a chip from APR (www.goapr.com) to bring you to 200HP, 214 lb/ft torque in ten minutes!!!  Put simply, after driving this car for a year, I don't know what I'd do if I ever had to drive anything else.  (besides an S4 or a 993 Porsche.
If you haven't had the opportunity to drive a German car -- go do it.  The A4 is no exception and the Quattro just makes the driving experience that much better.  This car will not dissapoint and is a true driver's car (especially if you opt for the V6 with a manual gearbox). If you want to baby it you can do that, too - it's always happy and does exactly what you tell it.The weaknesses I mentioned above are tolerable for me and the noisy highway driving isn't all that bad -- i'm just really anal about noise.  The upper cup holder is not only small but really flimsy.The fuel mileage is about what you'd expect; I average around 17.5 in the city and 26 on the highway.Great car for someone with good taste, but wants something a bit more conservative than a BMW or Mercedes (and wouldn't think of owning a RWD).  Dont get me wrong, I test drove all three Germans and loved them  - but I always came back to the Audi dealer.  There are fewer A4's on the road, its got more bang for the buck, and the lines on this car are absolutely timeless - especially compared to the duck-billed look of the newer BMW 3 series (IMHO).  I really feel that this car WAS WORTH the money I paid for it - and I'm not just shelling out $$$ for trendiness and a fancy name.On a slightly more important note, I have never felt more safe in a car.  Airbags all the way around, stick to the road suspension and quality build all add up to a very secure feeling.
I paid roughly $30K for the car.  In less than 1 year I have racked up 25,000 trouble free, fun miles.  No doubt I will buy another Audi if this experience doesn't change.
I absolutely love my A4.  It's a joy to drive in any weather conditions with Quattro.  With a performance chip, this car is 200hp with 245ft/lbs. Definitely get the sports package.This car is sporty, refined, and has 4-doors.  An excellent touring car! Value wise, it's a great deal in its class. It's less expensive than a comparable BMW 3-series and more stylish than a comparable Acura.  It's AWD system is superior to Subaru's, and does not exhibit the torque-steer of a Saab. All of these a good cars, but when it comes down to it: I'm glad I chose my Audi.
$33,500. Highly recommend this car!
My wife and I both fell in love with this car when we first saw it at the auto show.  (99.5 1.8T Quattro) The car has plenty of room, yet drives like a much smaller car.  The steering feel is excellent.  Combined with quattro and ABS, the car inspires confidence with it's handling in any weather conditions.  The interior is a little bit plain but very functional, and the quality of the parts and construction are to the highest standards.  This car tells you it's put together well every time you look at it, touch it, and drive it.  This is simply a great car for the money.Many people complain about the size of the back seats.  Though they are a little small for a car in this class, one shouldn't confuse them with the vestigal seats found in the back of many compact cars and pickup trucks.  I've carried 4 medium size people in this car for an hour at a time in perfect comfort.  I can attest to this because I have sat back there myself.  Six footers may not be able to stretch out for marathon road trips, but they would be very comfortable on a trip accross town to your favorite restaraunt. My only complaints with the car are relatively minor.  The base stereo system is not very impressive.  Even with 8 speakers, the system sounds weak and washed out.  I'm not an audiophile, but the poor sound quality is plainly obvious.  The base seats are somewhat flat and unsupportive, and don't offer enough adjustments.  When you are going through the options list, you should strongly consider getting the upgraded seats and stereo system. I guess I just expected a little more from the base options from a car in this catagory.  My only other complaint is with the triptronic system.  While it is probably the best auto-manual system available on any car, it's not as responsive as a manual and it's behavior can be a little quirky.  Even in manual mode, flooring the accelerator can still cause a downshift, sending the tachometer deep into the red.  In spite of that, it's still much better than not having the option to shift yourself.  If you opt for triptronic, be sure to get the sports steering wheel with the shift buttons on it.  They are wonderful.Look around for a good dealership when you buy an Audi.  This is not like buying a Lexus or a Saturn.  The quality of dealerships varies greatly.  Some will give you a great deal and service the minute you walk in.  Others will put you through the ringer just to get a test drive and then offer to let you pay MSRP on the car.  It pays to look at more than one dealership if you are not getting the price and service that you want.  My only other complaint is with Audi of America.  My car broke down on the way home from the dealership.  (After a little research, I realized that this is not as uncommon a problem as you would think, and not just pertaining to Audi.) When I called Audi of America, they politely took my call and offered to look into it.  Afterwards they neglected to ever call me back and refused to take my follow up calls.  Luckily, the dealership I found was able to set everything right, but the way I was treated by the parent company was still disconcerting.  It is a testament to the quality of this car (not a single problem since then) and the dealership that I still recommend this car as highly as I do.
I think anyone considering a BMW should look long and hard at the comperable Audi product. Audi's are better designed and have the added benefit of a well designed All-Wheel-Drive System (QUATTRO). Notice that BMW is just now adding AWD? I paid slightly less than MSRP for my A4, which I found to be an acceptable price. I love this car, and it was a prime reason for my recent purchase of an Audi TT Coupe. Audi design and quality in a sports car.
There are many minor problems/annoyances with this car that Audi could easily fix and they have fixed some in the newer models. But some like the cup holders are still waiting to be fixed. Fun to drive and great handling but all the little things make it annoying to own. I expected better things from a German car. Next time Volvo or Saab.
For the money, I don't think you can find a car with German engineering precision that is so forgiving on the road. Though you can stall out, the Audi treats a skilled driver with respect, and the quattro is great, keeping you firmly on the road while cornering hard in inclement weather. I would like to give this car a 5, like I did with the value rating, but this puppy needs a bigger, more powerful engine, to get it off the line faster. Now the S4 that I've test driven! WOW. I would give it 3 thumbs up if I had that many, but I guess I'm stuck with the A4. (Though I suppose I could be condemned to worse fates!) 
This is truly a great car for the real world. The Quattro system is a charm and possibly could save your life. Traction control in other cars is of some help but never will it be a match or even come close, do not let anyone fool you.If the A4 is not fast enough please try the S4, try to pull away from a stop and don't be afraid to push it, it will not let you down. The 2.7T also has great low end torque.
1st audi owned and in 20k miles it has been  satisfying, despite the 'weaknesses' above. i am picky. this car frequently used  as high speed commuter by my wife,instilling confidence in both of us. i replace the wide 16' tires w 4 grippy snows/wheels for winter. it feels safe and competant in any situation, especially for a smaller sedan.   this car has all the options and stickered in high 30s. paid about 35. so 'value' part of equation not tops.in snow country, the quattro is the tie breaker. i am seriously considering the 2.7t vs. bmw 540i.  a4  sedan recommended for singles,  couples, very small families.  small families might like the avant wagon.
Buy this car. I went to a Volkswagen dealer to make a deal on the 2000 Passat, which I sort of resigned myself to given my budget $$. (I really wanted the Saab 9-5 but didn't want to spend $35K). I found that the driver's seat on the Passat just didn't fit me right and was about to walk away when the sales person suggested I consider a used Audi he had on the lot in the same price range. 'Why not?' I said. Wow, was I impressed. The test drive up and down a windy narrow road with the 2.8L 5 speed Quattro was amazing, and I had the biggest grin on my face when I was done. I absolutely love this car and find new things to appreciate about it almost every day. I wasn't sure about having a 5 speed again but now am so glad I got it so I can better enjoy the sports-car like acceleration, handling, etc. Also, it turns out that nearly every salesman had taken the car home from the dealer for a day or two just to have a chance to drive it - they loved that car. The man who sold it to me was thrilled that he had found a buyer who would really appreciate the car.I highly recommend the Bose sound system - it is incredible. Also very much like the cold weather package, the sunroof (even with the squeak that I haven't started troubleshooting yet), and the tighter sport suspension.My only complaints: gas mileage in the low 20's (so what, it's 10x more fun than my thrifty Honda Accord was), sunroof squeaks sometimes when closed, and there is a whistle somewhere around the edges of the windshield at high speeds. The nifty in-dash computer is really cool, although it took me a little bit to figure out how to reset everything.I have done one road trip with the car, where I consistently went 80mph. You can picture this car on the AutoBahn quite easily - 80mph is effortless. You can still punch the accelerator and be up to 100mph before you quite know what's happening. :-) The wagon is practical (I think the trunk on the A4 sedan would be too small for most people), although I wish the rear storage space was big enough for 2 golf bags instead of 1.5 (I have to fold down part of the rear seat to get 2 in there).Also, for $27.5K for this fully loaded 2 year old car in mint condition, I think I got a steal.Who should buy this car: budget-minded car enthusiasts who don't mind a stiffer ride and sports-car handling along with all wheel drive. You do some sports and maybe have 1 kid. Car would be too small for 2 kids.Who should not buy this car: Anyone with 2+ kids or who seeks more of a traditional luxury car like Mercedes or Lexus. Also, don't bother if you're a really tall (6'4')person -you'll feel cramped. This is a driver's car, with less power steering assist than, say a Buick, and a stiffer suspension. The regular suspension might be softer. I don't mind but my husband has spilled his coffee once or twice when his maniac wife is driving... :-)
I have not seen anyone else list this tire/road noise problem like we've had so I have to believe that we are one of those people who gets a bummer.  The Audi would really be a winner if we had not experienced this problem.  We would gladly overlook the minor problems, especially since Audi took care of them as quickly as possible given the parts situation.  For those of you who have not had a problem, great!  Based on our first experience with an Audi, this will be our last experience with an Audi.
I would recommend this as the perfect small sports sedan. I would not recommend it if you just use and abuse your cars...this car requires TLC to satisfy.
This is the perfect city/country car.  It is small enough to get into most parking spots.  Outside the city, the A4 wants to run -- fast!!  The combination of the 2.8 engine (same engine as the heavier A6) and all-wheel drive can get you out of any sticky situation.  My only complaint are the cupholders -- they don't make any sense.
The car accelerates effortlessly and the engine is so smooth.  Love the looks inside and out, love the build quality of the car, love the tactile feedback of buttons, knobs, and switches, love the side support for my seat, love the agility of the car.  Since I drive by myself most of the time the rear seat is not an issue.  But if I have a family I would consider something larger, like an Audi A6!!
This is a hard car to fault. I never considered buying an Audi until the A4. I'm now a big fan of Audi. All their cars are so well engineered and well thought out. Being a car enthusiast, this is the perfect daily driver. It has the perfect compromise between comfort and handling. Long jaunts are easy in this car because of it's non fatiguing ride. Everything in this car is well laid out from the perfect seats to the controls. Steering is quick and direct but has enough understeer dialed in to keep one from getting into trouble at higher limits. My old '95 325is with the sportpkg handles better at the limits but it also rides much rougher. The A4 exudes refinement. The only thing on my wish list for this car is more power. I guess it's time to consider an S4 or RS4.
After driving a 2.8 500+ miles, I have to say I was less than blown away. I think the A4 could be a better value if it had a few more horses and was a tad bigger. I'm only 5'11' and I felt terribly cramped after driving for a while. The seats are supportive but a little too firm, long drives result in sore backs. On the plus side the handling was very good and the car comes with all the bells and whistles.
(1998 Model) - I 've had Mazda'z for the last 20 yrs or so and decided to move to a different class. Looked at BMW, Acura and Audi. As soon as I drove the A4 I was hooked. Great looking, fun to drive and as I live in the Northeast, great in the snow. The all-wheel Quattro is solid and foolproof. The close attention to detail is very evident in construction and service. My wife kept leaving her Saab 900s at home and driving my A4 , so we just bought a 1999 A4 1.8 Turbo with Tiptronic for her. She loves it too. My 1998 A4 is a 5-speed standard with the V6 engine.
I have the 2.8 Quatro sport. In short its a Superb car. I have driven in the BMW 330i, as well as the 328i. While the Audi lacks slightly in terms of power compared with the 330i, I feel that overall its a wonderfully safe, comfortable and powerfull car. It is very responsive, and is far more capable than other sedans due to its permanent 4wd. It is safe in wet weather, and is safe in conditions where other japanese cars or even bmws would have put the driver into particularly dangerous situations.
Incredible car. Loved everything about the car.    Only one problem: had to replace 6 instrument panels, 4 batteries, alternator, steering rack, cam shaft tensioner seals, engine computer, climate control computer, catalytic converter, turn signal stalk, turn signal flasher, tiptronic switch, stereo, 2 speakers, coolant reservoir, coolant temperature sensor, fuel guage sending unit, passenger seat bushings, 2 passenger side CV boots. Total of non warranty repairs paid: $5,000 in 2 years and 49,000 miles. When I got rid of the car I had a check-engine light caused by an EGR secondary return pipe (estimate was $570), a 5 year old timing belt which was just put back on the car during the $800 cam shaft tensioner seal replacement, and my A/C worked intermittantly after $2,000 in failed attempts to fix an ambient temperature display that didn't work.    I now drive a Lexus IS300. No comparison to the Audi but I haven't had it serviced yet - almost 12 weeks now. Don't think the Audi ever made it that long.    Damn... still loved every drive in that A4 though. Too bad most of my driving was to bring the car in for service.
2.8 triptonic with sport suspension. Waited 6 month for car to be built to spec. First impression is a solid constructed car compared to japanese cars that I've owned. However at 84,000 miles the some annoyances are now appearing. The fan motor has a irritable dry bearing whine at low speed, the cruise control is intermitant after the dealer checked it and found no faults.   The best feature is that for the first 3 years or 50,000 miles all maintenace was on Audi, however, I addede additional oil changes in between their suggested intervals as I had severe conditions which Audi doesn't recognize. The Dealer was helpful at times assisting in suspect defects and must have 'cost' Audi as the front suspension bushings and arms were replaced as well as the water pump and the climate control head unit. Overall the A-4 handled well and the quattro system is very reassuring in wet and snowy conditions especially outfitted with proper winter tires.  Being the 5th year of service finds that there is a definite squeak out of the front steering rack or column along with some other issues.  The cost of the car pretty well accounts for the less than stellar build quality...makes sense that a VW Passet an essentially same car can be had for about 3 thousand less. The interior quality beats anything at this price point. The gas mileage really suffers at around town driving,but, on the interstate long distances at 75 mph renders 25-27 mpg, which is good considering its mass and automatic transmission. It can use premium or regular fuel at really little difference in performance. I caculated that additional ccost of premium really doesn't get better mileage and I doubt it makes it any faster.  The rear seat are cramped for adults but the split fold rear seats are handy.  The A4 has more features than a BMW 3 series as it comes with AWD for the same price as a BMW, I gues its a matter of where and what conditions you drive in. As I drive to snowy areas the AWD function is important to me.  The qustion is if another Audi product is worth it? Probally will lease as that puts the service and maintenace issue back onto Audi and not from my wallet.
I have owned my A4 for two years, I bought it used (40k)off of a lease. I ran great until 95k then it went south in a hurry. Fortunately it was still under warranty until 100k, but now that the warranty has expired it is still running rough, the engine light keeps coming on and I have had the vehicle in for repair of the same problem three times. They still cannot identify the problem and it's currently at another repair shop because I got so frustrated with Audi service that I had to get a second opinion. I will NEVER buy an Audi again.
Well I just bought my Audi A4 less than a month ago. Overall I think I got a good deal on it, and have enjoyed it immensely since I got it. My Car has issues with the ABS sensor, which needs to be serviced or replaced. Besides that the car runs perfectly. The 1.8T engine is sporty and fun to drive, once you get used to it.
This car absolutely kicks ass... i was originally against a 4 door car until my wife made me test drive the Audi and i was hooked.  I had always wanted a standard but noone would teach me...this solved that problem...and i couldn't believe that you only have to change the oil every 10 000 miles, i nearly passed out when the saleman told me that.
For the price, it just don't get no better! This car is, without a doubt, the only true performer in its class - even in base form. Below 2600 RPM, torque is the only source of propulsion, but it is ample. Above that hash mark, however, turbo boost provides serious power and those 4 cylinders and 20 valves begin to sing.The optional sport suspension lowers the center of gravity about one inch and puts more Z-rated rubber on the road - a great look with amazingly flat, stable handling, at the expense of a somewhat harsh ride.The steering is beefy and incredibly responsive. But, turn-in produces a progressive steering arc that takes some getting use to. Transmission gearing is almost a perfect match for the engine, except that third gear is a little tall - it's a long way from second! Braking is tenacious, but pedal response is somewhat sticky and hard to feather.Gee-Whiz features are truly impressive: telescoping steering wheel; automatic climate control; cell phone pre-wire; speed-sensitive stereo volume control; one-touch down/up windows; dial-in sunroof positioner; huge cargo capacity; 16-inch wheels; easily modified engine; headlight washers; programable remote entry; front & rear driving/fog lights; impeccable fit/finish; undeniably the stiffest body structure in this price range; great overall look, even into its fifth (sixth?) production year.It also has characteristic Audi quirks: dismal stereo sytem performance (and no in-dash CD player for '98); unforgiving seat construction (think of those steel folding chairs at high school band practice); no lumbar support adjustment (displaced by the center armrest - silly item for a 5-speed); electrical components that must be Lucas-engineered; marginal climate control yeild; red instrument lighting (what's the most common form of color blindness?); jaw-dropping repair costs outside of warranty - the only self-defense is to buy another new one.This is not a car for non-spirited drivers who lack the body strength to toss it around, and who shift at 1200 clicks. The A4 welcomes direct driver input and, to be fully appreciated, it has to be pushed and revved.It's not perfect, but it leaves the competition flat-footed!
I had my exhaust system replaced under warranty 4 times now in the past 3 years, because of a design flaw in the first box.  After 105 000km's the falves, crankshaft pully and gasget had to be replaced. Luckly it was still under warranty.The Concert radio's volume knob broke the other day, and I they quoted me $155 to repair it.  After my own investigation I found out that the part's cost only $7.  Conveniently for them, the radio is not included in the warranty. The AUDI warranty is not worth the paper it is written on. You will find that almost nothing is covered, except the machine. And believe me, the parts that are not covered do break and they are expensive as hell.
Well I was set to pick up a 2001 VW Jetta VR6, but on the way home after my test drive and initial negotiations with the VW salesman, the local Audi dealership had my car prominantly displayed outside. The next thing I knew I had test driven the car and forgotten all about the VW.  I realized I could have a much cooler car for about three thousand dollars less than the Jetta VR6, and with the Audi assured warranty on their pre-owned cars (5 years/75000 miles from initial purchase) I was covered the same as I would be for the VW.  Also included within my warranty was the APR chip which reportedly gives 200 bhp and 240 ft/lbs of torque - something that the 1.8t or VR6 VW's could not do without voiding the warranty.  Anyone looking for a car in the 20k range should check CPO A4's out.    
This is a great and responsive car to drive.  I fell in love with it as soon as I test drove it. The interior is beautiful and it is a great looking car.  I love the sunroof and the sound system.  It has all the bells and whistles that I could want on a car. I did my research on the vehicle and most of what I read was favorable and the reviews all described what a blast it was to drive.  I was happy to find a 2.8 in a five speed! It isn't a race car but has enough power for me. I bought it pre-owned and was assured that it had been through rigorous diagnostic testing before it was placed on the lot. I felt I paid a fair price for it also. Two months after I purchased the vehicle, I started noticing oil and coolant leaks. I took it in to the dealer where I purchased it and that's when the nightmare began. My car was there for three weeks while I got the run around every time I called to get the status on it. The cooling system was worked on and it also needed oil seals. I thought everything was fixed for a while. Soon after that, it needed brakes, then an axle boot, then an oil pan, then spark plug wires, then another axle boot. I lost count after $4,000 of how much I had spent on repairs in one year's time.  The honeymoon is over with this car and I am selling it.  Every time I get hit with another frequent and expensive repair bill, the fun of driving it fades even more.  Looking back, I made a hasty decision and should have brought my mechanic with me to check it out before I purchased it.  I am done with Audi.
I love to drive, well let's say in a 'spirited' manner- (ie drag racing off the line not my thing anymore) but love to have the advantage in most real-world situations.  I also have grown to enjoy looking good, feeling comfortable and safe secure driving.  Hands down, the A4 is the best car I've ever had.  Quiet, secure, GREAT looking (in my opinion) and just a blast to drive!  Pop your favorite tunes on the killer BOSE stereo and off you go.  Snow.. rain.. no worry mate.  Many practical features and only a few impractical ones that are easy to overlook once you learn to love the car.  Mine now has 48,000 trouble-free miles.  What a balance of practical - luxury - driving fun.  Not the fastest for off the line acceleration, but you can go in total comfort 70-100 mph all day and never know it.  Getting ready to buy another in form of A6 2.7T
I bought the car from my father who was leasing it. The first time he let me drive it I couldn't believe the level of refinement, firm but compliant ride, quietness and overall surefootedness. This car does everything exceptionally well. It has every option except quattro (which I thought was a bit strange). However, the front drive car is quicker off the line than the all wheel (I've driven both) and with traction control and ABS I don't miss the quattro. The Tiptronic is a blast and works perfectly. I never use auto mode. And the brakes are so good they're scary at times. Fellow owners, do yourselves a favor and get a K&N air filter for this puppy. The difference in throttle response is amazing. Also, put some decent rubber on it (I installed Dunlop SP8000s and do they stick!). As a used car (sorry 'pre-owned'), this car's a genuine steal.
You should've seen the look on my face when I finally bought the car. What a change from what I used to be driving! Leather, power EVERYTHING, great gauges, etc. Just sitting in the nice, German cabin was great. Turning the car on yielded a smooth hum somewhat quieter than a BMW's, yet with equal growl after 5000 rpm. I was skeptical at first to buy an Audi without Quattro...but let me tell you, it's still an Audi. The 2.8 L V-6 gives great pull on the highway, and I've quashed it all the way up to 125 (5 more and you're at the electronic limit) with no problem. The traction control for the FWD isn't perfect, but there is a noticeable difference under hard acceleration. With the ASR engaged, the A4 non-quattro won't reduce its tires to a pile of dust, which the torquey engine easily does. My favorite feeling in the car (along with the 400-watt subwoofer in my trunk) is slipping into third gear with the short, leather shifter, and just letting the engine go through 2000, 2500, and then feeling some nice push at 3500.
I've driven about 10,000 miles in 3 months and I have to say, as glaring as the weaknesses are that are listed, I pretty much love this car. The Quattro has excellent handling and is fun to drive. The fit and finish are superb. I wanted an all wheel drive car so a lot of other cars weren't considered when I was looking. There are some definite annoyances that have come up with the A4. Read on....
Purchased from the cutest salesperson ever. Not that it's relevant though.  This car is great - the first 'practical' car I've purchased. What was important in selecting this car was the Quattro AWD system for climbing mountains. It is incomparable in snow and ice and even rain and on sand. The turbo doesn't wheez too much in higher altitudes. No sport suspension so it wallows a bit but it has never let me down - the tires stay planted on the pavement and it takes a lot to get any noise from them. Between this and the Subaru Legacy, feels like a much higher quality vehicle (although you pay for it). If Honda made an AWD Accord I'd buy that but this will do. I don't pay SUV prices at the pump and handles better too.
Overall it is a beautiful car!  Underneath lies a nightmare.  I purchased the vehicle with 52,000 miles.  What a dumb mistake.  The Bose Speaker blew out, the 'check engine light' & 'oil light' never goes out, tiptronic cute but a total waste, brakes replaced and were outrageous in cost, valve seals leaking, insurance rates are unreal, cup holders are in the most ridiculous location-underneath the armrest.  I am unable to sell the car because Audi has a poor reputation due to its expensive parts and amount of maintenance that must be conducted just to keep it operational.  Oh well.  Good luck and look for another option.
After owing a couple of BMW's (which are horrible in the snow) i decided to try out an A4. I love the way the A4 handles and drives, it truly is a fun car. I also like the body shape and attention to detail. I prefer BMW interiors, audi still needs work here. Also this car is too heavy for the 2.8 Auto and the tiptronic is nothing more than a gimic in my opinion. Gas mileage is average at best.   Be warned: like many higher preformance german cars they can require alot of maintenance which isnt cheap. case in point; in less than one month my A4 with 40K miles needed $1000 in repair work, water pump, seals and a few other things. Luckily i bought a extended service agreement. I think this is a must if you buy used. just make sure the company is reliable when you have a claim.
This was my first foray purchasing a luxury/sports sedan. I had always admired Audi's percieved value and performance when compared against its two main competitors. But, the car has recently shown a disturbing lack of quality. This is a vehicle that has seen every service check-up and oil change in its existence. While it has 97k miles, most have been on the expressway with little stop and go or other more wearing forms. I just had the head gasket replaced, the turbo was found to be non-operating when the gasket was being replaced, and 3 days after those items were fixed, the oil pump started going out. None of these was a cheap repair. I work with people who hang on to Hondas with well over 100k miles who have never had anything near the major problems I have had with this vehicle. It's embarassing, not to mention outrageously expensive.
I love the car.  When I was making the purchase I was worried about the Audi image.  I hadn't seen the best of products from them for a while plus I used to hear horror stories from the old 5000 days.  I went ahead and made the purchase after reading some great reviews.  For the past 3 years I have been driving it and it has been great.  The ride is great and I manage to get some looks from the BMW and Lexus drivers
Audi 2.8 liter. Bought with 47000 miles. Now has 66000 miles Great interior fit . Nothing makes noise. Good looks. Handles O.K. Some over steer. Not a good car for long trips. Seats give me a back ache on extended drives. Transmition is sluggish and this car does not accelerate well off the line. Runs in the mid range speeds well though.
Audi 2.8 liter. Bought with 47000 miles. Now has 66000 miles Great interior fit . Nothing makes noise. Good looks. Handles O.K. Some over steer. Not a good car for long trips. Seats give me a back ache on extended drives. Transmition is sluggish and this car does not accelerate well off the line. Runs in the mid range speeds well though.
i love the car and always wanted to have one. it basically was dream come true. i love the it looks and the way it handles. i love a lot about this car but there is but. everything has its limit.i had this car for over a year. when i purchased the car it had 39,000 miles. almost after a week my investments have occured. i already spent over $2,000 and i don't think that is the end. the car started jurking on low rpms and i already know that it is going to cost a lot ot fix it. i love the car but i will NEVER buy it again.
I leased this car, but have decided to purchase the car instead of turning it back to the dealer. Whenever I go out of town and have to rent a car (wheather it's a Ford Taurus, GM Lumina, Grand Prix or Regal), I can't wait to get home and get back into my A4. If you want reliable transportation, but don't really like to drive (i.e. view a car as nothing more than a way to get from point A to B), then get an Accord or Camry. Otherwise, get the A4, replace the suspension with lower springs and good shocks, and then chip the computer from Greedspeed.com or the like. If you've got $40,000 buy the S4.
I've had this car less than a month and am still in the love mode.  I was really adamant about straying from the BMW lines but once I did comparisons on reliability, cost of ownership, performance, and styling.  it was a no-brainer.  The insurance on this is about $550/year lower than a similar BMW.I've been at the line with several cars this week:A 1999 Prelude hooked up: Almost ate dust in the early 1000s off the line, but after 20mph i took off and saw him about 500 ft behind.  Heard the vtech kick in but by that time i was 80mph at 3K.  Easy.  A Integra - that was a snackA BMW 323 coupe - Ooo this was easy shabeezee.  Off the line-ate him.  In 1/4 he's trailing around 100 ft. and after that the rest is history.  If it was a technical run with turns, i'd be talking more 
Good car for the money. Buying it used was great, there are some things to look for when buying it used though. Common problems with the '97 are control arms need to be replaced, dash peeling (I don't have this problem), turbocharger failure (I don't have this problem). I recommend going to the tech.vw.com website to pull info on recalls, getting a full fluids flush/fill when you buy it (~$200), and get everything looked at. Drivetrain especially. I had leaking tie rods or whatever the rear axle is called.Waiting for next year to do the timing belt, always recommended by the people on the boards to replace at 60K miles, I'm almost there.
I bought this car back in April 2002. I ordered one from another dealership in Dallas in Dec. 2001. My car never came in. They originally told me 3 months. So I called them up in 3 months and then the dealership said my car was lost/missing in Germany. Finally they called me back to tell me it would be here late May or beginning of June. Ridiculous!!!!I ordered the car Dec. 15th 2001. It also took the Dallas dealership So that day I called The Audi Store in Plano. They had the same car I ordered on the lot(Dolphin Grey -1.8T Quattro Tiptronic, Premium PKG, Sport PKG, Xenons). I picked it up the next morning. I love this car. I plan on buying an Avant next year for my wife. The only complaint I have is Audi needs to boost the horsepower on the 1.8T to aound 220-240 range. Other than that the car has been great. I took it to the hill country in Texas and it performed beautifully. Best car I've owned---so far.
Excellent car, the 2002 model offers an excellent finition (internal and external).I have appreciated a lot the feeling of reliability and security.    I enjoy a lot this car !
I have been doing research on this car for a long time and finally bought it last month. If you live in the Denver Area, I recommend you not to go to the Audi dealerships there. They make you feel like they are doing you a favor by selling you a car. Instead drive down to Springs and ask for Sergio at Phil Long. He gave me a great deal and had everything ready as promised.   Coming to the car, I put in 4000 mi in just over a month and driving it is just a pleasure. Taken it in to the mountains here in CO and driving it on the curved, mountainous road was just awesome. There are a lot of cars in this price range and with a lot of features, but if you are looking for driving pleasure, this is the car to buy. I commute 85mi a day and enjoy every bit of it and this car has made me an aggressive driver to a certain extent.
a very good car over-all,
My car is an A4 1.8T Manual, with sports pkg, premium pkg, xenon headlights, bose speakers, silver. I got it after totaling my Jetta in 45mph accident. Can you believe that? I am okay, thanks to seat belts! It took me almost 2 weeks to shop around for the best deal on the A4. During that time I got all bad news from current and previous owners of the A4. Most of which, was each person having different likes. Overall the car was great. The additional options cost money, but are totally worth it. I've had mine for 7 months and love it. Nothing, but compliments from the ladies! Best car to own, it has more value than it competition. I have logged 9K miles and between going to work and going up the winding roads at Big Bear, California enjoyed every mile of the driving. The A4 is a great car, if you need more power and can afford it get the S4 so you don't miss 1 sec of power.
We owned this car at the same time as owning with a 3-series BMW.Highly recommend if you want great German engineering and solid quality construction for a decent price (low $30,000s).  It has a nice ride, a smooth (manual) transmission, good steering, incredible all-weather traction (the Quattro system is the best I've ever driven),lots of trunk room, and comfortable seats.  It is also the best looking four-door car on the market.The perfect car to own if you often experience inclement weather.The lows are:  the 12-valve 6-cylinder 2.8 has poor low-end torque (the 30-valve version is much better), very cramped seeting in the back, lack of leg room for six-foot drivers, a fairly soft suspension with ample body roll during cornering, somewhat unresponsive steering (not bad, but nowhere near the response of a Bimmer).Overall a great car, but not the true driving machine a BMW is.
I ordered this car in April and took delivery in August, 97. I got a very impressive opinion since I first test drove a 96 2.8 12V during A4's initial introduction in late 95.Overall its an excellent driving experience, I highly recommended this car to anyone who are shopping for sports sedan.
27,980, i would recomend it highly, it is a very fun to drive car with great traction in the snow, and it is very easy to make fast.
S4 should be the next car.
If I buy another Audi, it'll be the S4.  The twin turbo incarnation of the A4.  
An excellent value for someone who wants a car that performs well, can carry four adults, and feels solid. Designed by people who actually like to drive, not a committee interested in costs, demographics and gadgetry.  Materials and fit and finish are almost unparalled.  Get in ANY American car that costs bout the same ($25K+) and compare the experience of just SITTING in the car. The Audi feels serious, well-designed and crafted with care. Your typical American car (even the new Lincoln LS, which is a giant leap in the right direction) feels like a cheap plastic toy in comparison.  And then DRIVE the car.  The Audi is smooth, fast and agile. It makes the driver feel secure and in control. It does everything well.A comparable BMW is more expensive, a little faster, and spartan. Mercedes bore me.  Most of the Japanese cars seem soulless in comparison. And unfortunately, the US STILL have not cracked into this league.This car delights.
Great car! Very beauty! 
Overall, this is an excellent car that I love to drive.  It's quiet, smooth, refined, and you like to be seen in it.  This is an excellent car for someone who wants to get into upper scale german quality for a reasonable price.  If you have the extra coin, go for an S4 and enjoy a serious german driving experience with power to spare.
Highly recommended right now. My mind might be changed depending on what resolution I get with Audi and the problem I'm having with my transmission. I will post a follow up later.
Very reasonably priced German made car. Ovarall engineering and quality is excelent. No cheap material used anywhere in the car. A very good buy for a small family especially inthe nortehrn area(buy the quattro). If 190hp is not enough then go for the S4 -250HP.
I love the way the car looks. I've spent over 5,000 on this car since I bought. I've spent rougly 1,500 on servicing. But the check engine light comes on every other month. The Abs light turned on for the first time in the summer. One year of owning the car. AFter that it came back on again to tell me the rear sensors went bad. This car needs some fine tuning but its not a car for someone who is not enthusasist. After owning this car I am a regualr customer at my service shop.
i absolutely love my 1996 Audi A4. By far the best styling, for its time. Bought it a little over a year ago with 100K, it now has 120K. Been through a few minor problems so far, and one major. Other than that i cant complain this car has incredible handling, especially with the 17's and Pilot Sport Tyres. Since owning this car there is no way i will go back to anything other than an Audi, thats how much i love it,The car is a little bit of everything, sport sedan, with the luxury features. Looking to upgrade this summer to a 2000 Audi S4..
Sigh. Got the V6 Quattro version. What a beautiful, great car...when I have it. Most of the time, however, my mechanic has it, which is unfortunate. Although I can't imagine a more fun car to drive, I also can't imagine a car being more of a headache in the repair department. Quattro AWD is beautiful...best feature among many good ones on this car. I will NEVER go back to 2 wheel drive after this! Seats are comfortable, interior is gorgeous and quiet, Bose premium sound is above average, although there's still not enough low-end bass. Problems have nagged me from the beginning, but if you have repair money and a litle technical know-how, you can fix many things yourself. Fun car.
Great ride and handling. Somewhat small interior but ok with small children. Great at highway speeds or higher but is under-powered around town. Well built with excellent features. Seat memory would be nice as well as a better cup holder. This is a great car for a small family. I have had few bugs to fix and some were brought on by my own stupidity. Read the owners manual before driving the car to avoid a few headaches later.I bought this car used with low miles (45,000) and amimpressed with the quality even though the car is six years old. Mechanical troubles seem few and far between, the service records indicate the usual weaknesses for Audi but most of these had already been fixed before my purchase. So far service at the dealership has been good with reasonable to moderately high quotes. I will buy another Audi if I get a similar deal like this one.
I am the proud but frustrated (lately) owner of a 96 Audi A4 Quattro with the 2.8 liter V6. First of all, what a wonderful car. From the first time I just sat in the vehicle I could feel it's vast amount of comfort, convenient location of controls, and myriad of extras I had never experienced. Heated seats, one touch sunroof, heated door locks, side mirrors, and winshield/headlight fluid. This vehicle also has a remarkable warm-up time, just two minutes maximum and the cabin fills with warm air. The A4 makes you feel like winter isn't even happening...and this is before you get on the road. The A4 is a bit overweight considering its all wheel drive system and plethora of ammenities. It's acceleration is ample and follows a smooth ride all the way to it's redline of 6250rpm. Though it doesn't give the driver output of it's urgency as well as some might like, you are still moving quite quickly. Quiet enough for the folks who like a quiet ride, but has a subdued yet viceral tone for those who like to turn off the stereo every once in a while. Even at its heavy curb weight, it handles beautifully. Nimble on turns, although steering wheel feedback needs amplified. Turning at the limit can be a very pleasurable and satisfying experience and comes natural with the all wheel drive. Understeer is it's most natural instinct being that the drivetrain ratio is greater in the front, however, oversteer can be induced with a firm press of the accelerator and an earlier turn-in through your curve. Ride quality is superb but has suffered noticebly now that I have replaced the 205/16/55 tires with 215/17/45 Toyo tires. The A4's cabin has comfortable front seats wrapped in very durable leather which has lasted many years. Rear seat leg room could be improved but can be done at a small inconvenience to the front seat passengers. Trunk space is actually quite large for an entry level sport luxury. Safety features include all wheel drive, front and passenger air bags, and ABS. Four wheel discs stop the car when your enjoying yourself but pads need replaced more often. With my rigorous testing, this could be acceptable. This brings me to a few downfalls of perhaps just my particular model. Electrical problems have plagued me since 70,000 miles. Currently this car has a rather small amount of miles for it's year, 81,887. Some electrical problems I have incureed have been: Speedometer lights from 0-35 burnt out / digital display of climate control temperature sometimes malfuntions in it's readout / headlight, tailight, and markers replaced more than normal / power window motor (on a window rarely used, LR) went out...$400.00! / and another odd but not exactly worth fixing inconvenience...chimes no longer function, which left me with a dead battery as I accidentally left the lights on because I heard no warning beeps.   Auto repairs have been a bit expensive which has somewhat hampered my love for the German Luxury Sport segment. Overall, the Audi A4 Quattro is a spledid vehicle that leaves one with a very satisfying driving experience. Maintenance costs can be exorbitant, but the quality, fit & finish, as well as durability is excellent.
I initially needed to replace a GM product...need I say more...the cars that caught my eye were the Acura 3.2TL and the A4. I wanted something with some ballz and a little prestige to it. The Acura was nice but bland, no spark to it. Although I'm a fan of Honda products in general, the TL did nothing for me.On the other hand the A4 spoke to me as I sat in it. LET'S GO...it seemed to say. So...lets go. I took the car around the block for a long spin. I was hooked. The car handled and sounded great. The car is approaching it's tenth anniversary and the body was tight and nary a squeak from anywhere. Man try comparing that with something from Japan or domestic. Even the lack of rust or fading in the paint impressed me. Again see if you could find that on a domestic!.   I was in awe of the handling, acceleration, stopping, level of fit and finish, lack of road/wind noise.
This has been the most incredible car I have ever owned. I was skeptical when I first went to hand the check to this guy in Vegas, but I felt good about it anyway. One of my friends is an Audi mechanic and told me that this model and year A4 was very reliable. I had driven A4's before, but never my own. I had driven Porsches before, obviously not my own. It became the best car I have ever owned. I drove it for a year and a half. Service was relatively simple. Wheel bearings went out but that is common in the Audi. Oil changes saved me a lot of money because these cars don't need a change every 3000 miles... (See your mechanic). While I owned it I have never had to deal with any major problems or repairs. It drove responsively, quickly, handled like a sports car, and felt safe - which is why I continued to drive it even after the gas prices started to soar. It only had the 172 horsepower motor but the automatic transmission made up for that. It could very easily out-perform my friends' newer cars of other quality makes.  I was driving home this passed sunday evening from a movie at a friend's house when a 700 pound female elk stepped out of the median planter bushes (completely hidden from view) while I was going about 60 mph. It stepped out about ten feet in front of me and the next thing I knew was that the windshield was totally smashed and I was pulling over to the shoulder. Basically, my car is now totaled but still runs. I firmly believe that if I had been in an American car, I would be very dead, maybe decapitated. But the Audi saved my life (and my girlfriend's). That's a lot of animal to hit a car. I must thank the Germans for their unbelievable engineering. So, yes, I will be buying another Audi A4. I feel safe in them. They handle very well. The quattro is absolutely incredible. I won't be buying anything else, ever.
I purchased this car used in 1999 with 63,00 miles on it. I now have 110,000 miles and still love it. It has been almost trouble free, I did have to replace three wheel bearings, but other than that no problems. I am amazed at how many compliments I still get on a car that will turn 7 years old in 2003! I really appreciate the quattro in the winter here in Iowa where I drive 40 miles(round trip)to work each day and they are on narrow rural roads where I see about 20 cars a winter in the ditch. My only complaint is the lackluster acceleration, though I hear the 2002 model is much improved in this area.
I bought this car used in 1999 with 60,000 miles on it. 3 years and 40,000 miles later I still love it. I still want to look back at it every time I park it. I have had a few problems with the car, and would have to say the overall quality is not quite as good as the Honda Accords I've owned over the years, but if I was getting a new car tomorrow there is no way I'd spend $25,000 dollars on an comparibly equipped Accord when I could get the A4 with Quattro for $5000 more.
I LOVE MY CAR, BUT IT SCARES ME, IF SOMETHING GOES WRONG WITH IT, YOU USUALLY HAVE TO TAKE IT IN TO HAVE IT FIXED AND IT IS A LITTLE PRICY.  I LOVE THE SMOOTH RIDE THAT I GET FROM IT.  THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST LOOKING CAR AROUND, I WOULD LOVE TO BUY A NEW ONE.
I have owned my 1996 Audi A4 for three years now.  Overall I think it is a great car for the money.  I found the low-end torque to be a little disappointing but overall, the engine to be adequate (2.8 6cyl).  The longer I owned the car, however, I started to experience 'build' issues.  The two front Axel boots had to be replaced, the climate control unit went on the blink and various interior materials began to fall apart.  This led me to sell the car as the five year marks seemed to have a toll on the A4.
It`s the waste of money and time  spend 5ooo cnd for 11 months still no good  no one can fix bad idling.  you can`t drive it you can`t sell it.
WE loved the handling and smooth style of this car. However after several months we started to experience electrical problems with the car. These ranged from a repeatedly dying battery to an inablility to shift gears. After having it fixed four times, we gave up and got rid of it.....we probably just got dealt a lemon, but I will never buy an Audi again.
BE AWARE THAT AUDI WILL CHARGE YOU MORE THAN YOU CAN IMAGINE FOR EVERY CAR THAT IS BEING TURNED IN AT THE END OF THE LEASE. This is our story about how Audi tried to extort money out of us and they will do it to you to. If this has happened to you SHARE YOUR STORY AND STOP BUYING AUDI VEHICLES. They claim that normal wear and tear items are forgiven, but God forbid you have a single scratch – EVEN UNDER THE VEHICLE – you will be charged. We are being charged $1291.00 for our crappy Audi A4 2.0. By the way, this car has had so many problems that NOBODY SHOULD EVER BUY THE AUDI WAGONS.  Here’s what is so incredulous about this situation – we had a big problem with Audi shortly after we bought the car because Roadside Service refused to help rescue my pregnant wife when she had locked her keys out of the car. They told her to “just have someone break the window”. Once we complained to everyone up in the food chain, we finally were able to force Audi to make a settlement and pay us two car payments to “forgive” the incident. Here’s where we find this lease inspection report to be outrageous – IT IS TO THE EXACT PENNY THE AMOUNT WE WERE GIVEN IN OUR ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE SETTLEMENT!!!! They are extorting money from us.  Just be aware that Audi will try to take you to the cleaners when you turn in your car. You better get a lawyer – that is actually what the Keyes Audi dealer in Van Nuys, CA told me to do. Seriously – they are criminals for being this way. When the lease inspection was being done, the guy who came out said not to worry that we won’t actually have to pay for all of this. Audi Financial said they have no idea what he was talking about but they are forcing us to make the payment. Apparently, the inspectors are paid a commission off the lease inspection reports. Plus, they don’t tell you that the prices they charge are 3-4 times what a repair shop will bill you for. This is CRAZY.  So, apparently, these are the Audi lease rules as far as “excessive” damage is concerned: 1.	Dents (they describe this as anything larger than a quarter) 2.	More than two dings per panel, even without paint damage (they describe this as anything smaller than a quarter) 3.	Sever paint chips and scratches (*they use the word “severe” but that is of course a relative term and they won’t make any attempt to explain what constitutes “severe”) 4.	Storm damage (Seriously? What does that even mean? Rain spots? Come on already.) 5.	Dented or damaged bumpers (OK well that is unbelievably vague and worse yet, even if this is just a dent that is smaller than a quarter you are apparently screwed because the bumper must be in mint condition upon turn in – break out the foam bumper guards people because that is just impossible. God forbid you live in a metropolitan
First a plastic cover under the hood broke and flooded my car. It took nearly a month to dry my car and repair all the electrical damage.    The Memory function on my side mirror has never functioned properly or been repaired to my satisfaction. With out my continual intervention, the mirror will progressively move to point downward over the course of a few days.    The brake light warning come on despite the fact that the handbrake is not engaged.    The catalytic converters have failed and needed to be replaced (Two separate visits to the Dealership).    The rear sun-shade has failed and needed to be replaced.    And of course, as was generally true for the 2002 models, two coils had to malfunction before all of them were replaced.
Deeply quiet at highway speed. You can enjoy some classical music and talk relaxed, even to rear passengers.Smooth stepless torque curve: 195 Nw/m at 3.300 rpm, more than 150 Nwm from 1.000 trough 6.000 rpm. High speed even climbing the steepest cliff. Sporty engine performance from 3.500 through 5.500 rpm, with a thick gorgeous engine sound at high end.Brilliant suspension, absorbs very well road imperfections (multilinked on both axes, and built with aluminium for reduced weight moving masses).Perfect steering at high speed. XXI century electronic control for estability, traction and brake.You are safe with 12 airbags and a service replacement of 14 years.Great cockpit information, including graphics, sounds and text messages.Great sound system, with 10 speakers and 150 Watt.
110% Recommended. I still look at my car and smile ear to ear.If buying used, check your car thoroughly before buying it to make sure it has been maintained well. If buying new, make sure to choose your options wisely. Make sure you try both the Quattro and FWD version to compare the difference.
for under $30K (I got mine for $28.2K) you can't find a funner, safer, and sportier car! and the 1.8 is a good starting place for the Ultra car enthusiest, modifications can take this vehicle to some pretty lofty heights in performance!
This is the first brand new car my wife and I have purchased. We were very excited to own what we thought was a fine, German sports car. The experiences however, have been very disheartening. Since we've owned this car it's been in the service center every 3-4 weeks. The first time was for squeeky brakes and annoying rattling from the dashboard. The squeeky brakes went away after 6k miles, and a half dozen visits they still haven't fixed the rattling. The most concerning problem has been whats known as a coil pack. The car started vibrating really bad one afternoon and the 'check engine' light came on. The car needed to be flat beaded to the dealership and they replaced one of four coil packs. Since then this has happened two more times, but unfortunately, if the check engine light doesn't stay illuminated when it gets to the service center there's nothing they can check with their computer to figure out what's wrong with the car? Sounds odd and ineffective! Meanwhile, we've been driving around a rattling $30k + car that we're afraid to take on long distance trips! Audi has sent a newsletter to Audi owners verfying this coil pack is a known problem, but it's not yet a recall item because they don't have an alternative more relyable product to replace them with. We've also had a problem with shifting from neutral into first and from first to second. At times you have to struggle and muscle it into gear.
I have not had my car long, so I can't give any opinion on reliability, but so far I love it. It handles like a dream, is FAST, and definantly the most comfortable car I've ever been in. My back has always ached after long road trips in the past, but after a 600 mile trip in my Audi I felt great. I have the 3.0 with the sports and convienance packages. It also has the 6 speed manual. I test drove the multitronic automatic and didnt like it nearly as much as the manual.
Bought the car in 2002, and junked the car with less than 100,000 miles. Oil leaks in the hydrolics, engine, brakes, power sterring in other words was leaking everywhere. air condition went out, all the sensors acting up. all windows, doors, alarm, & sun roof do not work right, the open and close by themselves. it would cost over $10000 to fix, so my advice lease or buy and get rid of it after three years or when the warranty expires. It's a money pit and will never by an audi ever again
Ok so I almost thought about waiting to write a review on this car but I decided to go ahead. My family has been all about American cars since the creation of time and now I can understand a little why. I being only 19 decided to buy a higher end car then my mustang, and started to keep my eyes open. I was obviously a lover of the BMW 3 series, but a few things turned me off. First off, everyone has one and I mean everyone. I test drove a 2006 and was completely unimpressed. I had NO get up and go at all. I then came across this beautiful silver A4. I was looking for something bigger then a four banger but the turbo makes this thing truely fun to drive. The interior is unsurpassed (MUCH better then BMW could even dream of). About a month after buying a began to realize that some of the 'feature' didn't work, such as: headlight washers, window lock was broken in the locked position, the sunroof is demonic. And then shortly after my security system would beep three times after startup. of Course the dealership didn't know and then I went away for a week. I got back and the car was as dead as a rock. I then left for college and a week after getting to school my tiptronic would randomly quite working and PRNDS would all light up at the same time. Audi thought it might be serious so I took it in. I also had them look for the reason my car battery was dead, etc. The channel that allows the gearshift to move over into tiptronic was bad. They replaced for a lovely 350 dollars. The sec. and battery issue was another 350-400 and no Audi's you can't change the batteries yourself. I will say that the customer serivce was INCREDIBLE and they even washed my car (man an 800 dollar car wash). Recently I noticed that my steering fluid was disappearing. I found a leak in my rack and pinion. I'm waiting to have this fixed as a remanufactered costs about 350. And then this AWFUL vibration comes out of left field. Its everywhere and driving me crazy. As of yesterday i had it narrowed down to (two) bad CV joints. I'm not taking it to AUDI becaus the joints there cost 300 a piece. And then the other morning it wouldn't idle because it was very cold out. So lovely I have to take it in again. I really want to love this car because its SO incredible. Its truely a head turner. I'll be driving behind a BMW 325 or 330 and people won't look at it, but as soon as I drive by i see heads turn. The quattro is incredible and MUCh better then BMW's. W/ more going to the rear and a 40/60 split. I LOVE IT.
This car handles great and is really fun to drive (when it is not in the shop) for a 4 banger thanks to the turbo. The Quattro is amazing and I can see why it was banned form certain races due to the 'unfair advantage' it possessed over competitors. The snow here in MI is not to bad but the A4 cuts through the worst storms and snow 1-2'; like a hot knife through butter. The ride is a bid stiff but expected from a sporty car. A bit of wind noise is a little annoying from what I think is just a bad seal from the weather stripping on the front pass. door at 70+mph which the dealer says they cannot fix. The easy fix.. Crank your favorite tunes and keep an eye out for smokey. ;-) I have owned this car for 1 1/2 years and have 42000+ miles on it, so I do love to drive it but I have a few complaints that prohibit me from buying another one though, unless there is a good REAL deal on a 2004 S4 or RS6, see weaknesses. Over all fun car to have at least untill the warranty wears out.
Love this car, but with everything there are draw backs. Don't feel like getting into it.
I've owned VW's and Audi's for the last 16 years. The fit and finish  are superb and so far no problems. It's not the fastest car I've ever  driven but my experience with engines from VW and Audi is that they  do not begin to come alive until a few thousand miles are on them.  It's only then that one begins to appreciate what they can do. Right  now the engine is still very tight at 1500 miles. The handling is   first class with the mix of quattro and sport package. It can really   bring a smile to your face. I've tried hard to break it in gently for the  first thousand miles or so. The interior is very classy and luxurious.  I bought the leather option with heated seats, sunroof, premium   package and sport package. My only gripe is that the exterior   mirrors are too small and that the clutch right now is a little grabby,   but this will improve after a few miles. In conclusion I'm extremely   pleased with the car. It's a great package and a very good   alternative to the BMW. Both cars obviously have their good points,  but the Audi has the right attributes for me.
Traded a 99.5 2.8 a4 for this one. In all respects, it is a better designed, better driving car. Overall, I'm pleased. But the quality control leaves something to be desired. The following problems existed at delivery, or shortly thereafter. Gritty areas on the paint, heated mirrors not working, sunroof rattles, climate control occasionally quirky in manual mode, rear armrest does not go back into position properly, one of the key fobs not working properly, radiator fan squeaking. The dealership is good and will get everything fixed, but obviously Audi dropped the ball on this one.
My wife and I already own a 2001 A4 TQ (see review below - mga5m) and wanted to buy a TT, but a little baby came into the works. An Allroad was the next choice, but it was out of our price range and too big for my wife to see out of. The new A4 looked different from my 2001 A4 and had virtually all of the fancy features of the Allroad and A6 series that we decided to buy it.  We ordered it with the large engine so that it would be smoother and quieter on the road and give us the leather electric seat option. A bit of a price jump for leather, really, but we did it.  We cannot be more pleased with the car. My wife is so happy with it, especially after having driven a Miata for 13 years straight.  Audi has definitely made a luxury car with this new A4.  It is so relaxing to drive it. Anyone who wanted more room in the back will be satisfied now.  The car feels bigger and stiffer and more luxurious than the 2001 model.  We got it with tiptronic, so it is not as sporty as my 5spd 2001 A4, but that is what we wanted.  Many people discuss on these boards that BMW or Mercedes has this or that, and Audi has this or that, but I think all are fine cars.  You have to respect high quality German sport performance/engineering to really appreciate any of these cars.  I liked Audi's pricing, reliability, customer service and respect. I really liked the 4-wheel drive the most. The car is solid in all weather.  BMW may perform better on dry roads, but we drive our Audis all the time in all weather. Quattro is superior. I also find the Audi interiors more elegant than the Mercs or BMWs. We know there will be repairs in the future - all mechanical items need it sometime, but you shouldn't buy a German car if you want perfect reliability and high performance - there is no such thing. That is why racing teams have pit crews......
Just bought my A4 couple weeks ago after my '02 VW Passat was totaled in an accident. The A4 was what I originally wanted but I didn't want to spend too much. Now that I've got my A4 I have to say that the styling and design is sharp and sporting. Best looking sport sedan out there in my opinion. Mine has sport pckg, xenon bulbs, bose audio. Interior is solid and well crafted. Very similar to my old Passat (which I think was a better value!) However, the A4's aggressive appearance is worth the extra money. So far, the only problem was a jammed cd changer which was fixed by pressing a reset button. Ride and handling is superb. The engine is a bit sluggish, maybe because of the quattro. But I'm still in the process of breaking in the engine, and won't probably rev it for another 1000 miles. So far so good.
i love the car.  it is absolutely gorgeous to look at, and the chicks dig it.  i thought about the is300, but to tell you the truth, i wasn't too impressed with the IS.  it's an overgrown corolla with a lexus price. a friend of mine bought an A6, and it looked so nice i ended up with the A4.
Love the car!  Great ride, Great looking, I don't feel like I'm part of the herd  of BMW's running around here in Houston.  Unfortunately, It got hit and it's been sitting for a month waiting on a Xenon headlight.
What can I tell you, I just bought the #2 Car in the Car and Driver Reviews for 2002. To me it should be #1 but they say Acura RSX is #1(Doubting). The Dealership had great service and had a good Salesman selling me the car.    I have been riding my car about a week now and I am enjoying every minute of it.  I definitely bought it 5-speed since the Turbo charge works better in a 5-Speed.  The interior is excellent, the room is more that adequate, and trunk space is unbeleivable large.  The Xenon Headlights definitely is a plus.  This car has to be definitely the number one this year.  If you all live in Houston, TX, try buying this vehicle @ Advantage Audi ask for Eric Pallanez, he will do a great deal for you.
Just picked up a 2002 A4 3.0 liter.   Very nice looking car.  I get a lot of compliments on it.  The car handles great due to all-wheel drive.  Acceleration is fine for daily driving, defintely not a race car.  BMW was lot more fun to drive the hell out of though.  Audi is lot more comfortable even with a sports package, roomier and has lot more convinience features plus dealers are willing to bargain lot more then a BMW dealers.  The problems I had so far:  1. Turning lights went out on one side of the car due to a bad connection in one of the lights.     2.  Gas gauge stopped working after 200 miles  3.  Homelink transmitter never worked  4.  2nd gear is not as smooth as all of the other ones (maybe I just need to break it in).  I am happy overall, hoping that all of the problems will get fixed by a dealer.
Once I read about the all new audi a4, I got really excited.  I went to take a test drive and it was wonderful
I needed a car to replace my 1993 Mazda twin turbo RX7.  I had a self-imposed budget of $30K.  I did exhaustive research online, periodicals, and test drives at various dealerships.  My first choice was the BMW 3 series since every magazine journal ranks it first.  I couldn't get the car priced at $30K with the options I wanted.  Ditto for the Mercedes C class sedan and the Jaguar X type.  I even test drove the Lexus IS300.  I was so turned off by its looks that I must admit some bias.  The car looks like an aftermarket teenage rice burner.  The BMW was very nice but everyone has one in every different color in my town.  The Jag was nice but too expensive.  The Audi was the last car I test drove.  Fully loaded with xenon, sunroof, sports package, bose stereo the car priced out at $30K on the nose.  I thought about spending another $4K for the 3.0L V6 but talking to the salesman who was also an Audi nut convinced me to stay with the 1.8T.  Apparently he chipped his car for $600 and now the car screams like the 3.0 V6.
Very impressive ride.  The car is gorgeous and in my opinion is better looking than the A6 because it is much sportier and has a very aggressive stance.    I bought the 1.8T with the sports package (17inch wheels) which is absolutely necessary to make this car look great.    Typically the craftsmanship in the interior is up to Audi's impeccable standards.  The CVT transmission is great and really makes the ride alot smoother than the old automatic transmission.    Overall space in the cabin and trunk space has also been improved greatly...4 adults can sit confortably in the car.    Oh yeah..performance is awesome. I drove up to San Francisco from Los Angeles and tested the car out at speeds of 100-110mph and the car was solid and smooth...definate sign of quality.    Audi did a great job with this ride.
I bought this about 6 months ago to replace by 328 that I had on lease. As much as i like the 328, I love the A4 that much more. The Quatto makes me feel like I have more control over the car which I love. I do wish it had a little bit more low end torque, but that can easily be overcome. I think this is a beautiful car with a very comfortable and well laid out interior. The Bose system, while not the best stereo system in the world, does provide a very clean sound with enough bass for me, and is worth the extra 600 (I think that is what it ran). The A4 might be a little too small if you plan on carrying 4 passengers all the time, but for the occassional passenger it is not a big deal. Having seen this car, I would take this in a heartbeat over a BMW.
A superb ride and definitely an attention getter!  The interior is perfectly designed - rather BMWish, actually.  It's wonderful atmosphere - elegant, functional and original.  The handling is fine and I've never had a problem with the slippery Canadian winters - the Quattro really keeps a grip on the road.  Engine's a little small for my tastes, but is certainly respectable within its class.  170 hp for the 1.8T.  Not sure what the 2.8's packing.    I should say one thing though.  I was really close to getting the Acura TL, which is comparatively priced.  I didnt, for various reasons, and had to go for the A4 instead.  The TL's a better deal as it comes totally loaded with standard options, such as leather interior, a kick ass stereo (with a 12' bass speaker - standard!) and a fantastic engine (250 hp!).  Between the A4 and the TL, there is no comparison.  Dollar for dollar, the TL wins hands down.
A rock solid car with fine attention to details interior.  I'm still dicovering the car capability and features.  It worths every cent i spent on it.    Price paid with the following options:  Metalic paint  Sun Roof  Buffalino Leather seats  Sport seat  Arm-rest (yes it's an option :
Have had the car 7 months now and I'm still impressed with the car. Best handling car I've ever driven. The Avant has the added storage space for a smaller car and looks are still very sporty. I like the 4yr 50,000 warranty and the added 20 hp. For the money you can't find a better awd car.
I've had the car 6 months now and it has been great. The most impressive handling car driven. Have the sports suspension and 17in wheels. Car has plenty of power after 2800 rpms. Wet pavement handling is best. Haven't had the snow challenge yet.
This car is the bomb babbbby....    I love it sooooo much yeahhhh
This is a very fun car and a great value.  There's nothing in the price range that even comes close.  The stock engine is silky smooth and peppy at 170 hp and is only a chip away from 220 hp.    The sport suspension is a little too firm for me but it handles so well...I don't mind at all.  The seats are also a bit firm and I was mildly disappointed that they weren't power adjusted.  The dashboard is also kind of funky, it seems that a good portion of the gauges are blocked out by the steering wheel.  This is poor design...I'm only 5'10'.Fit and finish is fantastic.   The build quality is superb as well and I've got a 4 yr./50K bumper to bumper warranty to put me at ease.  Sure...the cupholder is useless, but my main complaint is with the stereo.  I opted for the non-Bose system thinking I would upgrade with better aftermarket gear.  I've found the there are severe limitations in just replacing the speakers.  The prospect of having a car stereo installer cut into the metal of the rear of the car does not thrill me at all.  But there seems to be no other way to swap out the terrible sounding stock speakers.  In retrospect, the Bose option is a better value, for sheer wattage and lack of expensive installation.My only other concern since I do almost NO highway driving is the range of the car.  I'm averaging about 220 miles on a full tank of gas.  If I were a highway driver, I'm told this would jump to 320 - 350.  I would like to see about 5 more gallons of capacity added to the fuel tank.  I believe every car should have a minimum range of 300 miles.All of this being said, I love this car.  It is as fun as any other car I've owned.  The styling is beautiful and I would not hesitate to buy another one.
The fit and finish, the high quality feel of good craftsmanship is what makes this car a pleasure to own and drive.  Handling and cornering is fantastic thanks to the sport suspension and wide tires (sports package).  If you like/need the space of a 4-door sedan, but at the same time don't want to drive in the slow lane, A4 is for you.  Less expensive and not as common as Bimmers and Mercedes.  At the same time, the quattro option is a life-saver in inclement weather and improves handling year-round.Styling is another reason why I bought this car.  I love the current body style which appeared in 1995/96.  That is why I rushed to buy the 2001 model when I saw what the 2002 redesigned body will look like.  That's very personal though - some people like the 2002 A4 design.Finally, the enthusiasm and help you get from sites like AudiWorld.com with thousands of Audi owners/fanatics is priceless.  A great resource for modding information and all kinds of troubleshoots.
The car looks very nice inside and out. The 170HP turbo engine provides plenty of torque with minimal turbo lag. I like the new side curtin airbags for front and rear passengers. I am not sure how reliable this car will be in the future, so I will have to wait and see.    
I was sold the minute I drove this car.  The Quattro feature is a must-have and really adds to the experience of driving this car.  The car has a defined look and with a good set of 17' tires and rims its hard to beat.
I just totalled my 2000 A4 1.8T Quattro last week.  When all 4 wheels loose grip, who cares how many wheels have drive.  I went car shopping and found nothing better for the price.  Mercedes Benz, too expensive for little value.  BMW, great handling, better back seat, but not enough to warrant an extra $7k.  The extra 20hp is nice and apparent.  The 17' wheels, are real nice also. (Come with the Celebration package.)
Strong car, still looking into aftermarket chips to boost power (there are a bunch of options).  I looked into the 2000 A4 and am very glad that I bought the 2001, more HP and standard features, plus with the celebration package Quattro and a power roof were less expansive.  Great car over all, I just hope it holds up over time.
I worked for an Audi/Porsche dealership in the 1980s, just before and during what may be called Audi's 'dark times' with customers, service, reliability, and public perception.  Audi got the low end of the stick with the surging lawsuits and many people thought Audis were cheap and overpriced. I myself never considered buying one last year until my brother told me his three year old A4 had given him not a single problem in the three years he owned it.  I was astonished and did more research into the A4 and Audi in general.  What I found from reading sites like this and visiting the dealership in Maryland where I bought the car was that Audi has done an about-face with their company style and car quality/reliability.  Their pricing is very competitive, if not too low, compared to BMWs and Mercedes.  Audi had troubles and lost much marketshare over the last ten years, and they know it.  They are now much more customer-conscious.  Audi cars are very reliable, as far as German sports sedans go.  Reading through these reviews here and elsewhere, all I see as far as negative comments go are statements with regard to interior space, cupholders and wind noise.  There are always some people who experience repair problems - this is a fact of life with any mechanical item. I expect my A4 will need repairs eventually.  Anyone who thinks they can buy high performance and perfectly reliable cars, German at that, are fooling themselves.  It seems to me that most Audi customers now are educated and aware of the fact that they are buying high performance and high quality at a fair price. I surely am one of those customers.  Driving the A4 is like a dream come true for me after having driven japanese cars for 14 plus years.  Sure, Acuras are nice, smooth, reliable cars. But they are not as fun as a German sedan on a beautiful, twisty mountain road.  I smile everytime I get into or look at my car.  The interior is flawless. The exterior is conservative, but elegant. The steering is excellent.  The four wheel drive is perfect.  No other european car can match the quattro engineering, even though BMW and Mercedes try to make a couple of 4-wheel drives.  Audi now dominates the Le Mans races for a reason - engineering and reinvigorated philosophies.  I feel fortunate to have purchased an A4 now in the re-emergence of Audi.  Most people do not appreciate Audi now, at least not y
I've had my A4 for almost a year now.. it just hit 22k miles last week.. I have a 4 mile commute to work, but I still put on over 500 miles a week (mostly pleasure driving)    a month after I got the car, I attended an Audi Drivers Training Course at Road America (Elkhart Lake, WI).. I had 2 days of track time (about 400 miles) at speeds up to about 115 mph.. with an average of 80 mph.. I was blown away by how my 1.8t with the sport package handled.. I've never had so much confidence in a car.. the only drawback is that I now tend to drive a bit aggressively all the time.. LOL    also, the Quattro has proven itself to be worth every penny in our Wisconsin winters.. I put on Nokian snow tires, and I've never had my wheels lose traction.. even one particular day, when I was watching rescue vehicles sliding off the road into the ditch, I merely held my speed and drove past.. quite a change from 'white knuckle driving' I was so used to in the past    as for build quality.. it's hard to imagine a better car.. I'm sure you get more with a Bentley or Aston Martin.. but this car beats everything else I looked at in the price range.. and you can't get a better warranty! 4/50k that covers everything but tires? it's just a shame that I'll hit 50k in 2 years.. I'll just have to extend the warranty to 5/100k    another thing to mention.. perhaps it's because it's german engineering, but this car loves to do long-distance driving at high speeds.. I regularly drive at 85 mph on the interstate, and because there's no additional road noise, my passengers would swear we're doing 70.. except for the fact that I'm constantly passing other cars    I HIGHLY recommend this car.. altho I personally prefer the pre-2002 version as far as looks, but I hear the 2002 model performs even better
This is my second A4. My previous being a '97 front trak.Styling and pricing made this the only choice in '97 with little or no disappointments.  The new one is that much better with all the little extras audi has added since 97. There are a few things that bother me with the new car.  There is no lock cylinder on the passenger door.  The drive by wire technology takes a little getting accustomed to. The sensation of the engine adjusting the rpms while you are feathering the throttle is a bit disconcerting but in time I have gotten used to it. When I look at this car, I have no regrets. Small details which add to the feel of the car are the red LED's which illuminate the gear shift area, the stainless steel door sills and the materials used inside the cabin.  Passengers are always impressed.
Realistically, this is a good car for the money, and a great deal if you want an entry-level German sports sedan.  Comparably equipped BMW and Mercedes models were literally thousands more, and no AWD for Mercedes.  After owning Japanese cars (Hondas) for about a decade, I find myself dissapointed, though.  Perhaps I got spoiled - I never had ONE unsceduled maintenance trip for any of my four Honda products.  I've been to my Audi dealer twice now for things that just shouldn't be wrong on a $30,000 car.  The car seems so meticulously assembled from the finest of materials, but as seasons change I find more and more ralltes, squeaks and groans than any car I've ever owned.  I've had to make appointments weeks in advance, and service has been less than attentive to my concerns.  Audi of America customer relations was polite but no more helpful.Bottom Line:  I want to hate it because of all of the stupid little problems, but driving it still brings a smile to my face daily despite the excessive body roll.  If you keep it past the warranty period, expect to pay alot of money and wait a long time for parts.  If you don't need AWD and are used to Japanese cars, consider something along the lines of a TL, CL, Accord or Maxima - they are not up to the level of amenities of the Audi, and nothing handles like Quattro, but they'll be cheaper to maintain and you'll be better off in the long run.Bang for the buck wise, save yourself some money and get the Subaru Impreza WRX.  Very plasticky inside, and the doors seem about a half and inch thick (although every car I've been in seems tinny compared to my Audi) but if you can live with that, it will give you the security of AWD with more performance and better reliability 
great engine dont buy the 2.8 engine. This car is underpowered when you buy it but that is where this engine comes in. it comes with 170 horses and with a chip and air filter i am already up to 220 hp. This engine can handel up to 350 hp so i look forward to future modificaions.
This is my first Audi - I love the car!  The dealership was great too.  I was going to get another Honda (I have a 97 Accord), but I decide to try out the A4 - I never looked back!  Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda are all excellent cars with top reliabilty, but it seems like these cars were designed to get you from point A to point B.  They lack styling and driving experience which the Audi has.  I just hope my Audi will be as reliable as my Honda - if it is, my next one is the S4!  
I was in the market for a four door near-luxury vehicle and was considering the following: Audi A4 1.8T Quattro, Lexus IS300, and (2004.5) Volvo S40 T5. I thoroughly researched and test drove all three models.     While the Lexus is definitely a quick car and an excellent handler at a reasonable price ($30K fully-loaded), I was turned off by its 'Corolla-esque' exterior styling, boy-racer stigma, and cramped interior. I also didn’t like that the only manual available was a 5-speed. Granted, the Lexus/Toyota 3.0 inline six is one of the smoothest sixes this side of a BMW 2.5 or 3.0 and while it's pretty powerful (215 HP), this car did nothing to stir my soul. Plus these cars are extremely popular in Southern California so it's not uncommon to see at least 10 IS300’s on the freeway during my 40 minute commute home. It would seem the local Lexus dealer would pamper you when bringing the car in for service and I am a big fan of Toyota products (my wife has a 2002 Sequoia and I have owned the first two generations of MR2's), but still I decided to pass on the IS300.    When I heard Volvo was going to replace its aging S40 (built on a Mitsubishi chassis), I was looking forward to test driving and possibly buying the 2004.5 edition which has the makings of a mini S60R. The new S40 T5 is certainly better-looking than the IS300 and it’s probably just as quick if not quicker. At the time, Volvo only offered the T5 in a front-wheel drive configuration with a 5-speed automatic. Although this transmission allows you to 'manually' shift between gears, it's just not the same as a real manual. I liked a lot of things about this car like its interior and exterior styling, its many safety features, and crash ratings--apparently, the best in its class. However, I just couldn't imagine paying $30K+ for a front-wheel drive car with massive torque-steer that shares its chassis with the newly launched Mazda 3 and upcoming second generation Ford Focus.    I obviously picked the Audi A4 1.8T. I actually test drove this car first before driving the other two. The funny thing is, I picked the slowest car of the bunch with the smallest engine (170 HP 1.8 liter turbo four cylinder) but there’s more to selecting a car than just pure speed. First, the car is just stunning to look at borrowing styling cues from the current A6 and TT. The A4’s styling will no doubt age well. Its looks resemble a four door coupe. The lines are clean and there’s nothing contrived about the exterior, like the Lexus IS300 and Mercedes C-Class sedans. It’s also not funky/weird looking like the G35 sedan by Infiniti. The A4 is definitely a “look-over-your-shoulder-while-walking-away-from-it-in-a-parking-lot” kind of car. I’ve caught myself doing just that on many occasions. The A4’s interior is also without equal. REAL aluminum trim pieces are tastefully used in the interior, NOT that cheap/fake stuff that Infiniti puts in its G35’s. There are also very nice touches such as lighted PASSENGER foot wells and two special LED’s that cast a faint but noticeable light over the gear shift area during night driving. There are handy drawers underneath the passenger and driver’s seats for extra stowage and a first aid kit inside the rear center arm rest. The heated seats have 6 settings! The controls fall logically to hand. No interior is perfect but the A4’s comes pretty close. My A4 comes with the “lower-end” 1.8 liter turbo four cylinder. I wanted the 3.0 V6 but it’s not nearly as good on gas and it also put the car out of my price range. I must say, 170HP is pretty adequate for me at this time. Luckily, the 1.8T is the darling of the Euro automotive aftermarket world which means I easily make substantial engine/turbo upgrades once my warranty runs out. Yes, the Quattro does add weight but the 1.8T with the 6 speed manual still provides lively acceleration and the A4’s handling is excellent. The optional Sport Package that’s included coupled with Quattro keeps my A4 planted when taking on the twisties. At the same time, you won’t get beat up on bad roads. Truly the best of both worlds. It’s a blast to drive and with Audi’s Quattro all-wheel drive, there’s an added measure of safety. Another thing I notice when driving this car is that you really feel connected to the road, enhancing the overall driving experience. After 6 months my A4 has driven remarkably well with no quality/reliability issues. My local Audi dealer also seems willing to pamper me. I could go on about the A4 and if you haven’t already noticed, I truly dig this car and I highly recommend it. Most people probably won’t listen and will continue to buy IS300’s, 3 Series Bimmers, G35’s, and C-Class sedans and that’s fine with me. But I feel you will be missing out on a truly terrific vehicle. You have to at least test drive the A4 like I did before making a decision. If you do choose something else, that’s OK too. I kind of dig the exclusivity the Audi A4 brings—even on the crowded SoCal freeways.
I like the car but it is absolutely the worst seat I have ever sat in, I feel twisted and can't drive it more than 30 mins. Should have bought the BMW
After twenty years of driving average vehicles, it's a privilege to finally drive a precision German machine. If you appreciate cars, it's understandable why the Big Three are losing market share year after year. Maybe after another two years and ton of repair bills I'll be griping about the poor build quality, but for now, I find excuses to leave the office or house just to spend time enjoying the driving experience. I've had the car two months and have put 10,000 miles on it. Even rush hour doesn't seem as bad inside the A4 cabin. Yeah, I guess if I'd had a few extra bucks I would've sprung for the 3.0, but the 1.8 gets the job done, expecially on the highway where I spend most of the time and I figure I'm lucky to have any A4, so don't push your luck for a 3.0. If I had the opportunity, I couldn't see changing a thing on the car. The seats are comfortable, the streering wheel is great, the dash is beautifully laid out, it seats four adults without a hassle, the trunk is well sized for a sport sedan, the Quattro gives great control in the snow and with the 17' wheels, the car looks like a million bucks. I always thought the 3 Series with the 17' rims was the best looking vehicle around, and maybe the M3 still is, but the A4 is exceptional. I hope I'll still be finding excuses to take it for a spin five years from now when it's finally paid for.
My options for buying a new car this July were between a Passat 1.8T, Honda Accord EX, and the Audi A4 1.8T with CVT. The Passat suspension seemed soft and “floaty”, particularly noticeable when driving the automatic combined with turbo lag. The car would take off all of a sudden, I would back off the throttle, the suspension gave this fore and aft roll and I was doing a lurching bunny hop down the road!    I was very close to buying the Accord, it had excellent build quality and fully loaded with toys. Much better put together than the Nissans and Subarus I had previously discounted.     Then I test drove the Audi and it was so much fun to drive. It was impossible to leave the showroom without it. This was a heart versus head thing. The Honda was just as well built, and $3,000 cheaper, loaded with more goodies like leather, and sunroof. But it was boring to drive, just no feel of the road.    You just get in the Audi and you know its right, just point and shoot, its so much fun it ought to be made illegal.
I've had my A4 3.0 for about two months and while it isn't a perfect beast, nothing else I drove even came close. I must say that if you are looking at an A4, don't even consider the 1.8t engine. It's underpowered and has horrid turbo lag. And forget about the 'mod' chips, bolt-ons and the like. They make the car a bear to drive everyday and void you warranty (I came from a 95 Mustang GT, so I know a bit about bolt-ons...). I had to scrape, beg, and borrow to get the V6, but I'm infinitely more pleased. Test drove the Lexus IS600, which had a bit more aggressive feel (if you're coming from a Mustang GT like I was, that might woo you), but it was too 'boy-racer' for me. Not to mention poor winter weather performance (check the many IS websites to read the horror stories). The Infiniti G35 has the same problem. I came very close to getting an Acura TSX, but it's really just an inferior car next to the A4. There was no excitment to be had on the throttle below 4500 rpm. It's interior was cheap-looking in comparison, and let's not even discuss the TSX's sound system (as soon as I hear bass distortion, I'm out of there). The BMW 3 series was nice, but to get the xi model (with AWD) you've got to climb into the $40k range. The A4 was priced right, had great financing, and in my opinion is the best looker of the bunch. Throw in quattro and 4 years of free maintenance??? It's a no brainer. In my A4, I smile constantly while on the road and look for excuses to drive. As Ferris Bueller so aptly put it, 'It's so choice. If you have the means, I highly suggest picking one up.'
Well built solid German car that gives other German manufacturers a run for their money in terms of build quality alone.  The major weaknesses, however, for me are the gearbox and unrefined engine.  These are things that I should have been able to discern during my several test drives, but they really didn't reveal themselves fully until I had driven the car for several weeks after purchase.  In the end, I'm trading the car on an automatic with a 6 cylinder - probably an Acura TL, as the 6 cylinder automatic version of the A4 is $5,000 more and just doesn't seem to be worth that extra amount of money.  If you're young and want a car that is very modifiable (to the point of boosting horsepower by nearly 22% just by adding a chip), then this is the car for you.  If you want a refined German automobile with a smooth engine and transmission, look to BMW or Mercedes.
Well built solid German car that gives other German manufacturers a run for their money in terms of build quality alone.  The major weaknesses, however, for me are the gearbox and unrefined engine.  These are things that I should have been able to discern during my several test drives, but they really didn't reveal themselves fully until I had driven the car for several weeks after purchase.  In the end, I'm trading the car on an automatic with a 6 cylinder - probably an Acura TL, as the 6 cylinder automatic version of the A4 is $5,000 more and just doesn't seem to be worth that extra amount of money.  If you're young and want a car that is very modifiable (to the point of boosting horsepower by nearly 22% just by adding a chip), then this is the car for you.  If you want a refined German automobile with a smooth engine and transmission, look to BMW or Mercedes.
The dealership is great: good people, low turnover, straight up on sales/service.  Headlights are very adequate up to 80 mph; sharp European cutoff makes the uphill road disappear at night.  The radio sensitivity is fine, controls sensible.  Trip cptr is complex but logical.  Gear ratios seem very well chosen.  Turbo response starts below 2000 rpm, and engine gets up on cam about 3800, so is perky and flexible.  Can use 87 octane, but then engine cptr retards ignition to prevent ping/damage, causing a flat spot in the power curve.  Interesting, manageable.  I like the firm seats; the wife does not.  Sigh.  She loves driving it.  Happy sigh.
I haven't seen any really bad reviews of this car so I didn't even want to bother posting another rave review of it, but lately people have been stopping me in parking lots and asking me how I like the car ... so here it is. It's a really, really smooth ride. When you're driving on a windy road with the music up and the sunroof open, you really feel like you're in an audi commercial. it's kinda scary to comfortable you get with the quattro because you have to keep in mind not all cars will handle this way. if you happen to be driving someone else's car for some reason, remind yourself, 'this is not my audi ... i can't make this turn' when you've had the car long enough, you'll know what i mean.anyway - ra ra audi - great car A+, big fan.... nothin' new, nothin' new ... I ain't sayin' nothin' new.
Both Audi pre and after sales really really suck!!!!!  If it were any other car that these guys were trying to sell, they would go bankrupt in a week!!!  Extremely disappointed with the customer service.
Nice looking car. Much more roomy than my 2000 BMW 328. Fabulous handling due to the sports package. Let down by faults from new (3 miles!).If you are buying a new A4, it is a great car, but be very carful when making your purchase, as the sales literature & user manuals have little in common with what is delivered.ONLY buy a model & options after you have seen the options with your eyes and assed them for yourself.The BOSE sound system is a con, as it is really only 1/2 a system, the special bass driver does not exisit & is only 9 speaker, not 10 as described.Do not assume that you will get any free items - Audi you pay for everything, as per BMW & Merc.When you get the car, road test it first & inspect it before you accept the vehicle. Audi's Quality control is not up to BMW standards.The Navigation system is amazing, try it & get hooked.Sports suspension is harsh, but will not make your passengers car sick.Sport package is worth it, great seats, wheels, steering looks.Xenon headlamps are great, much btighter than stnadrd A4's, but only a bit better than standard BMW's headlights.Leather is nice, but again BMW leather felt much classier.A4 is a very partical, spacious car, with a lovely gearbox.Whole package let down by an BOSE audio system that sound worse than the old A4's standard system & worse than even the A2's standard system. Why make us customers unhappy, for the sake of a few Bucks? Maybe the folks at Audi are deaf?
Overall its waayyy better than my 2000 Toyota Camry in regards to performance although the Toyota would have probably been less problematic in the long run. But who wants to drive a Camry? If you plan on purchasing get an extended warranty. 
Acceleration-crisp and smooth...you step on the gas and it goes, nice sound too.Handling-Quattro really makes it stick to the road.  Get the sports package...it's worth the $Looks-Simple and understated, no cheesy wings or body kit, just good german styling.Interior-Very classy...nice wood grain, good gauge lay-out, great stereo (go for the Bose prmium system), seats are very comportableFit-and-finish-just feels like a well-made, solid car
I had to order my car and now I wait.  It will be fully loaded, minus sport seats and CD changer, but I have everything else!  Yes, I did not go Quattro.  I test drove every variation, inclusing the 2.8 (which was out of my price range), and only the FWD gave me the thrill of acceleration I was looking for.  With the sport package, it rode smooth and handled very well.  Mine will have ESP as well, none that I test drove had it.  With the quattro system, the extra 300lbs seemed to bog down the 1.8T.  Not intending to drive it in snow or bad weather, I went for the acceleration thrill of the FWD over the Q.As a long time Honda owner, I can only hope that the reliablity is the same, as I plan to keep the car for many years.  
I truly enjoy driving this car whenever I have the opportunity.  However, it really is a dog, especially with the Tiptronic shifter.  I test drove the Acura and the Lexus and made a last minute decision to go with the Audi, mostly due to the Quattro system.  Lexus IS 300:  The price and the rear wheel drive is what kept me away from the IS.  I went to the Lexus dealer in January and asked to drive the IS300.  They told me to come back in a few weeks when the roads were dry.  I was informed that due to the rear wheel drive I would not have been able to get the car out of the parking lot (had a little snow/ice and a slight slope).  The interior was very impressive (other than the leather/cloth seats) and the acceleration was excellent...very smooth which is typical for a Lexus.  One final draw back was the rear tail lights...one magazine perfectly summarized the tail lights as 'boy racer.'  I wasn't about to spend over 30K for a car that looked like a tricked out Civic.Acura lured me in with the claim that the CL Type S had 260 horses.  I decided against the Acura because of the plain exterior (it's basically a glorified Accord) and because I could never find those other 60 horses.I figure that I will exceed the 50,000 mile warranty in 3 years and then 'chip' it.  A friend suggested that if I was worried about the warranty I could buy a second ECU and have that chipped.  This way, I could pop the original ECU into the car when I take in for service or maintance.  I had a better idea...tell Audi to stop messing around and chip it in the factory.
Taken two road trips and want to take more...soon!!!  Trip through Phoenix to Flagstaff was awesome. Great driving car on twisty, rolling roads that begs you to move faster.  Once above 75-80 mph the car really hits stride and sucks to the pavement like it's got downforce.  Difference between cars engineered to drive at autobahn speeds and those in Japan or Detroit.  Next trip...limiter here we come!  Very neutral around town and great gas mileage as well.  Averaged 30 mpg from Phoenix to LA. 
A decent car badly in need of a heart transplant.
Adequate power in the 1.8 170hp model, with plenty of options for aftermarket performance upgrades if so desired.  Lots of pep at highway speeds, and fantastic cornering.Kinda pricey, but still a relative bargain when compared to others in it's category.
So far my driving experience has been excellent.  Being sixteen and this being my first car, the whole thing is surreal and wonderful.  I truly enjoy driving and i would reccomend this car to all those who do also.  Best car in its class that you can buy for the money payed.
What sold us on the car is the fun to drive factor, value for the dollar and the warranty/maintenance plan.I wish we could afford an S4 or an A6 with the 2.7T/4.2 but we can't. A6 has nice interior room that lets you relax a little more. BMW is too expensive. $250 extra for in dash CD, come on give us a break will you.Lexus IS no manual and no other AWD cars in our price range. Will update review after delivery and some mileage is put on car.Review is based on impressions up to this point. 
Bought an A4 1.8T Tiptronic Quattro in 2001. Best car I've ever driven and the best mix of conservative engineering and sport capability I could imagine. Quattro made it bulletproof on the road in any weather, I really had to put my mind into it to spin a tire under ANY circumstances.  Only complaint we had was the ventilation system was noisy.  All went well until the 5/50000 warranty expired and then at 60000 we ran into about $2400 in repairs. Brain failed and we had to replace for $1500 to get the airbags working. Another $267 per axel to replace failed rear wheel bearings which is flat out inexecusable, it's not like anyone has made such things before. Yes, the coil issue came up but the car never failed and the dealer scheduled us in and took care of us in a morning. No pain, no fuss.  For what it is worth, about ten days ago my wife let my daughter take the Audi one night against my advice and she totalled it. She fell asleep and rear ended a Plymouth Voyager already doing 65 mph (I'd guess my daughter was doing 75-80); she woke up, swwerved into a guardrail and tore the left front wheel off, pinwheeled down the road for another three revolutions and tore the front end to pieces. Car came to a stop, still running, and she put it in gear to pull off the road. Car would not move and she got out, saw the missing wheel, and turned it off. Walked away without a bruise, and when we cleaned out the car I observed it would still start, and the driver compartment damage was limited to what the two front airbag deployments caused.  Say what you will you moaners and groaners, I cannot imagine getting anything else.   I always felt it would climb trees if I asked it to and know nothing could out perform it in snow and ice. Nothing. No where, no way, no how. Came home two years ago in a winter storm through 8' of virgin snow, had to keep it down to the speed limit, sigh.  Yes, more power would be great but the 1.8T with tiptronic made it easy to keep RPM's over 2500 where I could keep up with the V6's very nicely.   We will replace it with the same car I suspect. I've had the wife out driving everything in it's class and she is plain unhappy with the result. She can't articulate the feeling but I will. It's the feeling of driving a car that is totally, completely on your side. No matter what you do it's with you. It knows it's job, which is to protect you, and it's with you all the way.
Originally purchased for the wife, I have now taken over this fun little package. Performance for a small engine is impressive though only adequate considering the A4's weight with Quattro. It's been a good car so far with only a few trips to the dealership for minor repairs. The free maintenance (or prepaid depending on how you look at it) for the duration of the 3 yr warranty is a nice feature. Quattro is what really makes this car special. It's not the most reliable vehicle I've ever had, but it's the most fun.
Originally purchased for the wife, I have now taken over this fun little package. Performance for a small engine is impressive though only adequate considering the A4's weight with Quattro. It's been a good car so far with only a few trips to the dealership for minor repairs. The free maintenance (or prepaid depending on how you look at it) for the duration of the 3 yr warranty is a nice feature. Quattro is what really makes this car special. It's not the most reliable vehicle I've ever had, but it's the most fun.
I love this car....Couldn't ask for anything better (besides an S4). Looks good, sounds good, drives even better. Quattro eats the road.
The car is stylish and the ride is firm. But it is not reliable. I bough the car new, and the mileage is now 10045 mi. There have been three problems with my car. The first problem happened when I was in the middle of the road in Vermont to visit friends. At an intersection, the car did not accelerate no matter how hard I pressed the gas padel. It took six hours for the car to be towed to an Audi dealer in Albony, NY where I was told the transmission was broken. The dealer gave me a loaner car. A week later, I was told the transmission was replaced and the car was ready to be picked up. I asked Audi to deliver the car, but Audi said the delivery service is provided only for A8. It took me 3 hours driving from New Jersey (where I live) to Albony to pick up the car, and another 3 hours to drive back. On the way back from Albony, the engion light went on, which was later diagnosed in NJ as the oxgen sensor burned. Less than a month after the sensor was replaced, my car was broken into by burglar(s) in the middle of a night. When I called body shop telling that there was a hole in the front door on the driver side, the guy in the shop responded 'Is it Audi A4?'. In the body shop, people showed me how a burglar got into the car without triggering the alarm system. Now after all thses incidents, I am becoming illusioned in Audi. I have not decided what to do with the car.
This is my favorite sport sedan to date. Each day it confirms my decision, It also has a great warranty and a free maintenance program. If you love compact German sport sedans, buy an A4! Car and Driver had it right last year in a comparison test, ' It's a sports sedan of impeccable balance.'
I have always owned fourwheel drive trucks and/or Jeeps. In December I took delivery of a 2001 Jeep wrangler Sport.  However, it turned out to be a horrible winter handling vehicle. Out of curiousity I went and test drove the A4 one week ago and I drove it off the lot the next day.  It handles the snow incredibly! Comppared to higher priced cars, it is a very good buy.
I would storngly recommend buying this car for a person who enjoys driving,and I mean hard core extreme driving. This car is designed for it. Also, with the Quattro system, it makes drivng in rain or snow much easier.Also, I think performance modification are a must on the car! Still overall $ value with the modifications is cheaper that BMW or Benz.
For those looking to enter the luxury market and want the best of an entry level German car, you cannot beat this car.  If you are looking for less of a performance car and want more luxury for the money, I would go Japaneese.  I just sold an Acura CL 3.0 which was more comfortable; however, I look forward to getting into the A-4 and driving it.  Isn't that what its all about?
Despite the turbo-charged engine, this is not a 'sport sedan.'  The ride is very smooth at highway speeds, but throw it into a corner and the car is not very responsive. This is more an entry level luxury sedan, but spare your friends from having to ride in the back seat because there is not much room there.The Tiptronic (with steering wheel mounted controls) is the perfect compromise between stick and automatic.
Over all it is a good car. I would trade some trunk space for some back seat room. I would recommend it to anyone. But if your looking for more back seat room I would recommend the a Maxima or Accord
This is a quality car, I've owned two.  And I don't see myself getting into another car in the near future.  The Quattro system is priceless... Don't purchase an Audi w/out the Quattro... It would be like buying a cheeseburger w/out the meat...  Handling is excellent, acceleration is perfect... and the turbo makes driving this car fun.  I've been in a pretty bad accident in my first one (it was totaled), Me and my girlfriend didn't have a scratch on us... The other car was trashed (it was going the wrong way on a one way street and hit my left side), and all three people had injuries.
My first Audi, and will not be my last.  This car is just too awesome.  I guess the only way to do better is by getting your hands on an S4, if you can find one.  Otherwise, the A4 is just tops out there.  Don't go for the 6 cyl engine since the price difference is not worth it.  The turbo 4 is almost as powerful and a hell of a lot more sporty.
Love to drive it. I have had it for 4 days and already put 800 miles on it. I just want to drive everywhere, which I think is a great sign of a car. There seems to be a clicking coming from inside the dash that may only be there in the frigid weather we are having. AWD works great even with the sport package and the 'summer-only' tires. I have yet to get stuck or lose control. The upgrade from 150 to 170hp is what clinched it for me. The engine was nice before, but there is a drastic difference now. It pulls strongly in every gear, no need to downshift to pass on the freeway. The build quality is impressive as are the features for the money. I listened to the stock system and the bose and didn't notice much differnce and couldn't justify the extra $. The radio is weak. I traded my Lexus ES300 with the premium radio, so maybe I have been spoiled by what I consider the best stock radio I have ever heard. All in all, a great car with the looks, performance, and features someone who loves to drive will enjoy.
Would highly recommend to anyone that wants quality in a car without paying a small fortune for it. A very safe car with high tech safety features. Uses premium gas but performance is well worth it. A great looking car that is less common on the road than the BMW and Mercedes counterparts and a much better bang for the buck.
Would highly recommend to anyone that wants quality in a car without paying a small fortune for it. A very safe car with high tech safety features. Uses premium gas but performance is well worth it. A great looking car that is less common on the road than the BMW and Mercedes counterparts and a much better bang for the buck.
It is just a fabulous car. It is a joy to drive and you can't even come close to comparing it to BMW on value. I feel it drives better than a BMW as well. Especially if you compare like models at the same price point. an entry level BMW would have been 6k more and couldn't even come close to the features, performance and realiablity of the A4
I highly recommend this car. If you are anal-retentive and find that very few things in this world meet with your expectations... this car will renew your beliefs.... amen.
I think this car is a top seller because it is a great alternative to the millions of 323's and 328's out there. I can see this car appealing to young as well as older buyers - the young ones will go for the turbo model ( and there are plenty of modification products for the a4 out there. I personally have purchased a cat-back exhaust - great sound and 17-20 more HP, I have an H & R suspension kit wich lowered the car about 1.5 inches lower than the already lower-than-normal audi sport suspention, and a K & N air filter which added another 5-10 HP. This has added MUCH to performance, under $1700 ) the older ones will go for the 2.8 liter. All Sport tuned out I would expect to see it on the racetrack, and the stock model is still nice to impress other drivers of not- so nice cars.
Simply put the A4 is a great enthusiasts car. With the manual transmission it is so much FUN to drive. With the optional sunroof, heated seats and BOSE system the car is a bit pricey at close to $30K since it is not really a 'family' car but for a second car or for a single person such as myself it is a dream.
I've only had it for about a month-and-a-half, but I absolutely love it. I sometimes wish I had something a bit sportier (TT, SLK), but that goes away whenever I think about having to take 4 people somewhere. I'd recommend this car to anyone who can afford the $32k but needs something practical. Anyone considering BMW 3's, Mercedes C-classes, or anything of that ilk should definitely have a look. As I said before I had a slightly restricted timeframe in buying this car (there was about a week between when I knew how much money I'd have to spend and when I needed to have the car), so I couldn't pick and choose my options as much as I would have liked. That said, even this 'basic' A4 (the only option on it is leather, since the Tiptronic is standard on FWD 2.8s) is one great car.
  Audi is a joy to drive.  Everthing in and on the car was well thought out. Absolute top of the line paint and materials are used to manufacture this car, and it is obvious. Slam the door and you hear a solid thud. Most of the amazing things about this car are features you cant even see but you can feel them when you drive the A4 hard. The 2001 A4 1.8 turbo has 20 more horses under the hood and I could tell.  The car is equiped with 8 different airbags for front and rear passengers. Options and features go on and on... This car will pamper you and it will thrill you. I guess quality workmanship never goes out of style
I paid a hair over $30,000 for a nicely loaded model. I got the premium package, sport package, sport seats, ESP, and Xenon headlights. I ordered it and got a 2001 in July of 2000. I think it is a great value, and the dealer was outstanding. I do recommend this car to everyone, as I think if you can swing for a nice car, swing a little more and get a GREAT car. Very much worth it! The included maintance is very nice too (for 4 years/50000 miles)if you are in the market, you should give it a test drive. You won't be disappointed!
Was in love with this car from day one. Its stylish, fast, and handles like a dream. I have no regrets in choosing this car, even though I had Porsche's Cayman S in mind around time of purchase. After owning this car I believe that BMW is the Ultimate Driving Machine and the 1 series fits right in.
Where do I start? My spouse and I were looking for something a little safer than our prius for our family. So I took a trip down to the dealer to see what they had in store. After test driving two 335i's, I was sold on the car. Of all the cars I've owned, this is the one that has impressed me the most. With enough low end toque to pull a tree out of the ground, yet it's civil enough to put my 16 month old daughter to sleep on a cruise. Averaging about 24-26 MPG mixed highway/country back roads/streets. Topped with a 100k mile warranty and 100k mile no cost maintenance, this car quickly became a no brainer for my family. This car will be seeing many track days this year, I'm looking forward to seeing what the translation of power and great handling can put out on the racetrack.
One of the best cars I've ever owned. Bought the convertible for my wife and loved it so much that I preordered the 2009 335i sedan. Glad my wife prefers the 6 speed manual which I think is a must have for someone to truly enjoy the feel of true sports sedan. Originally looked at several other makes (Infinity, Lexus, Mercedes) but it is very difficult to find a car in a manual transmission that equals the 335i in handling and quality or workmanship. Prbably spent a little more than I needed but the care came fully loaded with the premium, cold weather, and sports package as well as the navigation system and ipod adaptor. Definitely worth looking at if you are in the market for a sport sedan or convertible. The sedan is also loaded and came to slightly less that 50K but I didn't get the ipod adaptor as the nav system/stereo can store all your CD's and Ipod music.
The look, feel, handling and weight of this car is unsurpassed. The engine at 170 hp 6 cylinder is fast with quick response. It handles like a sports car and I love its feel. My wife and I think it is one of the sexiest looking cars out there.
I test drove the Acura TSX, TL, and Mini Cooper before settling on the incomparable 325, with premium package, leather, and 5-speed manual. The TL had more power, but not quite close on the overall road feel, and I preferred the smaller size of the 3 series. TL was too gadgety for me as well - and I love gadgets, but it was just a bit much with the DVD navigation system and its many screens. The 325 has elegant simplicity, class, refinement, and has the best road manners. The 184 HP feels like more when you step on it, and it has a beautiful growl that comes back to you in the cabin. Handling is superb, as to be expected. Acceleration is fine for my purposes, but some would probably wish for even more kick in the pants. For commuting around LA, though, there's only so much acceleration that you need. I've taken it up to about 100 MPH, and the car feels even more at home at those speeds than it does going around town. Compared to previous cars I've owned, it has the delicious feeling of wanting you to accelerate into corners rather then deccelerate - it wants you to push it. Overall just a great car. Build quality excellent. I've heard some whining about the BMW sound system, but the standard 10-speaker system in the 2004 is completely fine by me, and I'm a classical musician. Can't wait for the backordered I-Pod hookup for the glove compartment - access all my I-Tunes via steering wheel controls! Climate control excellent, and thank god there's no I-Drive nonsense in the 3-series (yet). I'd say it can't be beat for driving experience, and if you're really wanting that extra kick, go for the 330 and its 225 HP, but for me not worth the extra 4-5 thousand. This is a 3-year lease, so well within the warranty and BMW's everything-including-brakes-and-tires maintenance program. Once BMWs leave the warranty period, I know they're expensive to fix, so that's why I went for lease over purchase. To buy, I might go with the Acura.
After alot of painstaking research I bought this car new a couple months ago, and I believe it's best possible balance between everything I wanted in a car. It looks incredible inside and out. In the snow and ice it corners on rails. It's got great acceleration, not as fast as a sportscar, but it's good enough. It has 4 doors, but it outhandles many sports cars.     The only thing I regret sometimes is whether I could have survived the winter with a 330i with snow tires...i'll never know now, but the added security of the AWD is unbeatable for the responsible side of me. The power is split mostly to the rear wheels so you get an AWD car that drives like RWD, this is what sets this car apart from, say, an Audi A4, and what gives it such a great overall feel. One of the most fun-to-drive AWD cars out there, period. Just wish it was cheaper.
I love this car, not only do I like it, but anyone that looks at it does too. The engine lacks horsepower, but in a small city like Panama its just fine. The price here is very competitive. There is so much demand for the car, that poeple want to purchase mine for 27K, figure that out. No problems with the car and the agency, taken in for regular checkups. The wheels ake the car fel a little stiff but the performance is exhilirating.Th esafety features are amzing you have to be an idiot to loos e control of the car. Recommend it a four and a half out of five stars.
satisfatory purchase, price/performance/quality ratio not very sure
its between a great car and an ok car, i would go the 2001 M3 after this lease is up, or the S2000 to save money.KF
This car is a dream come true. Nothing even comes close. Not only is the styling modern and beautiful, but it also has a nice aggresive touch. The paint job is extremely well done. I drive a lot in winter and so far there are no paint chips on my hood from the salt :) . This car corners so smoothly that you don't even feel like you are pushing the car. It just glides into a turn. I've tried out the comptetion and drove the new Lexus IS 300 and Mercedes C320. The cars don't even come close to the driving experience of the BMW. I'll admit that the lexus is pretty fast and almost as good in handling but when you look around it, you see a toyota. Quality is also not the best and the styling, well, you know. The Mercedes is a luxury car but looks more like a living room on wheels instead of a sports sedan. Where the Mercedes is better then the BMW is in the button department. Well, there are many of them, if you like that sort of thing.
This car is a dream come true. Nothing even comes close. Not only is the styling modern and beautiful, but it also has a nice aggresive touch. The paint job is extremely well done. I drive a lot in winter and so far there are no paint chips on my hood from the salt :) . This car corners so smoothly that you don't even feel like you are pushing the car. It just glides into a turn. I've tried out the comptetion and drove the new Lexus IS 300 and Mercedes C320. The cars don't even come close to the driving experience of the BMW. I'll admit that the lexus is pretty fast and almost as good in handling but when you look around it, you see a toyota. Quality is also not the best and the styling, well, you know. The Mercedes is a luxury car but looks more like a living room on wheels instead of a sports sedan. Where the Mercedes is better then the BMW is in the button department. Well, there are many of them, if you like that sort of thing.
The best car I've ever owned.  It's a blast to drive and puts a smile on my face every single day.  However, owning a BMW does not mean it's as reliable as a Lexus or Toyota.  Plain and simple - it's not!  So if you currently drive a Lexus or Toyota and expect to get the same reliability out of a BMW, save your money and stick with one of those.  But if you want a car that drives and handles like a dream, impresses everywhere you go, and is just 'ok' in terms of durability / reliabiliy then go with the BMW.To tell you the truth, I stumbled on a great deal for this car.  I probably wouldn't have bought it if I hadn't received such and excellent deal.  I'm very glad that I stumbled on that deal though.
BMW Killer? Haha. I think you just realized you spent over $30,000 on what's basically a Toyota with an 'L' badge. You wish you had the BMW, don't you? Too late now. Hey, the IS300 would be okay, if it cost $18,000. But for 30 grand? I don't think so. You've been ripped off. Should have got the 3 series dude.
What a great automobile this has been.  The best car I've owned by far.  How does Mercedes justify charging so much more for the CLK which is essentially a Chrysler?  I went with minimal options with my car.  No power roof, seats, auto transmission.  It is a pure driving car.  The engine and transmission are like silk.
Great car overall.  Fantasitic seats, good power, good handling, intelligent design.  Car has 10,000 miles and no problems yet.
Firstly i wanna mention that this car is not as good as it's rival,Mercedes Clk.It has too many disadvantages such as sportive riding,handling!Only its appearance is sportive and that doesn't worth.Unlike Clk series,it has no husky sounded exhaust except M3 series(but i think it's the worst car i've ever seen in the group of inherent sports cars such as Chevrolet Corvette,Ferrari 355s,Aston Martin...!)Moreover it looks really simple,there are no distinctions between 3.18 and 3.30 in appearance!The future of this won't be bright,unless BMW fans fed up with the series!by the way the stock tires are unbelievably terrible
Pretty good car. drives good, has alot of grunt for a 3 ltr, i like the m3 convertible alot more but didnt buy it because it had some problems with suspension so ichose the 330i instead. a little cramped in the rear but expect that from most coupes. the soft top is great. very good and sturdy soft top. hardtops are heaps better and apparently you can get them installed which is good. currently looking for a hardtop installer. the seats are very comfy and the screen is very big in the middle of the console (the lcd) its the biggest out of all my cars and i have 11 cars.   all up a think its a bit of a girls car but anyway...but what am i to say its the least powerful car i got im used to driving cars that will do 1 - 100 km/h in 4 seconds +..
I have owned this car for a little less than a year, & read a ton of reviews about it. So I had to buy one, & see for myself. It's not perfect, but if this is the type of car your looking for, it's as good as they come. I did not buy it for gas mileage, but it's acceptable. I bought it for handling, driver AND 'passenger' comfort. Good power & sound, a flawless shifting transmission, and a solid feel that cannot be matched by any of the competion. Yes, I love the car but it's not perfect, but then again which car is??
This is my first German car. I hearing much about the Beamer, I had to buy one. Mine is manual transmission(my first). It really is a sporty car. Great acceleration and handling. For a small car, its build very well. Standard safety features likes side air bags, head curtains etc are great. But then I am very disapppointed with the overall quality of the car. The clutch burnt out 1/2 mile from the dealership. They fixed it and the clutch burnt out again after 500 miles. Dealership were very nice and fixed it again. But they did suspect my driving skill(for a manual xmission). Anyway, so far(1500 miles), the clutch works fine. The automatic temperature for the AC/heat never worked. Waiting on software update from the BMW. Although I had a very scary new car experince, I would still drive this car just of its sportiness. If you are looking for dependable no-problem car, do not buy a German car. The wait period for BMW service dept is 2 months in most areas. Same for Mercs. Buy a bullet proof Japanese car for reliability. I feel German cars are good for leasing.
Intro - I have now had the opportunity to properly break in my 2003 electric red 330i w/ sport package, heated seats, moon roof and xenon's. I came across this car at BMW of Watertown, CT. and the dealer was very aggressive in trying to move it. The car was in the showroom and the dealer even through in a very much-needed set of snows and had them mounted on the car when I picked it up. A great experience!     Research - In selecting this car I test-drove almost everything in the market it competes with. In the end the dynamics of the BMW were so far superior that the difference in price could not take away the feeling that all other cars would be settling. In fact, after it was all said and done I had to choose between the 330i and a VW Jetta GLI 6-speed. I thought for the difference in price the Jetta was a great ride for the price.     Some observations from test drives.     Lexus IS-300 - Great driving dynamics, but teenager interior that also felt extremely small. Too many on the road with modifications.     Audi A4 - Not the sporty feel as the Lexus and Bimmer. Interior was beautiful but center column came too far into right leg resting are. Had the feeling that it would be perfect for my wife.     Volvo S60 - Expensive for what you get. Way too soft!     Infiniti G35 - No stick shift when I was looking. I was not too impressed with interior.     VW Passat - I like the driving feel of the Jetta better.     VW Jetta 6Cyl/6Man - Front wheel drive (with all the benefits and deterrents). About $18,000 less but a great value.     Nothing else was interesting enough to test drive.     The Car - Now to the BMW. The quote of this car having a feeling 'alien' to all other makes is on the money. Its feel behind the wheel is absolutely amazing. Power is endless at any point and comfort is outstanding. There is also something about the sound of the car. It literally crackles when pushed giving the sweetest exhaust note. Nothing that intrudes the serenity of the cabin, just a pure sound of assurance letting everyone know the engineering superiority.     Recommendation - My father owns a 2001 325ci. We both agree that the difference in the engines is substantial. The 325 is a great car but it does not have the perfect power band of the 330i. The balance of the 330 is sublime! To cut some corners, I would go for the leatherette rather than leather. The quality of the leatherette is fantastic. However, I would highly recommend the sport package for the seats. They are the best in the business and provide a perfect comfort for commuting. The quality of the radio is only fair. Xenon's are really cool and heated seats in the region of the country are a must.     Finally - There are a lot of great sport sedans out there. But I truly feel that the Jetta can run with most of them. The BMW is truly in a different galaxy. It is a car for an enthusiast. If the driving experience is not a priority, I am sure you can do better. But for me driving is one of the joys of life and I put a lot of value in it. I'd even rank the 325 above all of the competition, but the 330i is without question the PERFECT AUTOMOBILE!     dj
I have not gotten my car yet but I ordered it a few months ago but it will be here soon. And I was just wondering what the weaknesses were about this car, I got the sport package and 5-speed transmission and like I said wanted to know what the weaknesses are. Also if anyone could help me in finding some nice performance upgrades (intakes, chips, exhaust exc.) please email me neo31100@hotmail.com
The perfect driver's car if you don't use your back seat all that often. When driven properly, this car feels more like an airplane than a car.  -This car does NOT compromise handling and performance for space and comfort; Another words, if you want a Mercedes do NOT buy this car. You will NOT be happy.   If you enjoy driving you will cherish this car.
From the moment I spotted this car I was in love with it! It was sitting in a row of Mercedes Benz's and stuck out like a sore thumb. Black with a Sport & Premium package and sand leather interior. I had never driven a BMW and therefore had no expectations. It was the look of this car that caught my eye! The most noticable thing to me were the wheels. There was something different about them and not realizing at that time what it was it just made my attraction all the more stronger. I have always been a car enthusiast and I love to drive. My love intensified and took hold after taking it for a test drive. It was the sound of the engine humming, the true sports car handling and the luxurious smell of the leather interior. I own a Cadillac Seville and love it also, but it is a luxury car. My BMW is both a sport car and luxury car. The way it hugs the road and takes the curves is amazing. I call it my little jack rabbit because of it's quickness and response and it never ceases to amaze me how I can be doing 60 one minute and just by letting up on the accelerator it will slow down to 35 without even having to brake.  I only drive around town so therefore I am looking forward to driving to St. Louis to be with my son for Easter. Because of the rear wheel drive I did drive it all Winter, not wanting to chance it in snow and also not wanting to get it covered with salt. Yes, I smile when I am behind the wheel and yes, I believe this car's attitude it rubbing off on me. It does have an attitude of it's own! I couldn't be more in love with my BMW!!!
This is a brilliant car, its built to last.Had it 2 and a half years and not an ounce of trouble. All the switch gear has a quality feeling to it. The ride is brilliant with little body roll in the corners. Irish roads are of near third world quality and yet the chassis absorbs the bumps with out being too rough. Great gear change and a real solid feel to everything. I considered the Alfa 156, but its not the most reliable car or particularly well bolted together, also considered the Merc C-class, but all the magazines said that this is the small exec to go for. It outsells the rst of its class by 2 to 1 over here. I also considered the Lexus IS300, but every magazine said it was just a 3-series copy that didn't succeed at being as good, plus its too much of a wankmobile, and the interior looks like its built from the kind of plastic you get on a fisherprice toy. Still if your going to copy, you mightas well copy from the best. Great car
BMW is hands down the best automobile ever built. The driving experience behind my second BMW (first being a 91' 535i) has been amazing. I got the sport, premium, and cold weather pckges which enhance the experience. The performance behind the 193hp straight six engine is incredible accompanied with a 5spd manny tranny. The 0-60 is 6.6. Very fast. My old BMW was my joy. A 91' 535i also with a 5spd which belonged to my dad was passed down to me. It has gotten me through thick and thin and believe me, I have put the car under extreme pressure. I have probably been in over a hundered street races and a top speed of 145 mph and the car never wavers. It is fast, luxurious and reliable. The new car is a nice upgrade with better performance and better luxury like heated seats and moonroof. The sport package is a must (seats, steering wheel, lowered suspension, 17' wheels). Although the price can get high, the benefits of an A+ driving experience is priceless. A side note: everytime I come up to the car and sit in the driver seat I have a smile on my face (no joke). I take the long way home because I want to keep driving the car. I will go out and do errands just so I can drive. I will be sitting home bored and I will go out and drive. This car will make you do the same, trust me.
This car was a great car for the first two years that we owned. We didn't have a single complaint and it only went to the shop for warranty maintenance (which began at 24 000km) Unfortunately, we are now getting rid of it because the warranty has run out (last summer) and there are so many things wrong with it...I am seriously disappointed!  So far we have dealt with these issues:  sunroof motor replaced; window motors and seals repaired or replaced; intermittent electrical problems (never found the reasons for them) headlight assemblies replaced; ball joints replaced (we moved to Ontario and the car failed a safety); left and right springs broken and replaced (I drive this car like the mother of two that I am - slowly and carefully); throttle control valve replaced; air control valve needs replacing; air bags need repair; tires need to be replaced due to alignment issues (this according to dealership the last time the car was in)and finally - the brakes just started to give us grief -car will be going back to the shop again. Please keep in mind that this car only has 34 000km on it! All of these problems started occurring around the 25 000km mark!!! We've had this car for 4 1/2 years and I am really reluctant to give it up. But, we really don't want to keep sinking money into it!
It is not a reliable car after being used more than 5 years.  I spent at least $5000 for repairing it within two years. Don't recommend buying a used car like that.
I was so excited when I bought this car!! Loved it IMMEDIATELY until...about a month in I started having all sorts of problems, including replacing the thermastat 3 times in the last 5 years. I average at least $3000 a year in repairs and am only at 105000 miles. I have had most of the engine replaced in addition to the usual suspects-tires, brakes, brake sensors. I am so disappointed because I really had high expectations for this car after upgrading from a 1993 Saturn (that car is being driven by my brother-in-law and had 250000 miles on it with no major problems). I'm beginning to think I should have gone with something else. BMW hasn't been helpful which is even more discouraging. I even picked it up from service and they 'forgot' to put antifreeze back in the radiator-the car was 1 month old and the engine nearly seized up!!  Lemonade anyone?
I bought this vehicle at 69,000 miles about 9 months ago (September 2006. It is a beautiful car which I bought out of town - 400 miles away from home. I flew down and drove it home. It was a breeze to drive - excellent handling, good response from the 2.5 litre engine and good display of fuel consumption and miles statistics. 
Pricey, but very smooth car. Great body integrity. It's become an ubiquitious vehicle. I bought it used when it was 2 years old with only 12,000 miles. It was a base model except for the the auto steptronic, moonroof and single CD player. This car is a little underpowered and way to expensive new. Thought it's been replaced by the slightly more powerful 325i, I would never buy it knew. There's too many for sale of the used market and you can get it with low miles 1 or 2 years old for $5-10k less. I don't think I negotiated a good price. I should have paid 23 or maybe $24k. The car has an ultra-smooth auto transmission. It's so solid, it feels like a tank. I'm not sure I really need the sprt suspension, but I wish I had the sport seats, they're way more comfortable. The only problems I had with the car is a door speaker whose molding boke and it fell through the whole, wasted brake pads at 15k miles, one headlight bulb went out, and a broken, offtrack backseat power window, all replaced under warranty. Anyway, having driven it for a year and a half, I just sold it to CarMax for $18,500 with 39,700 miles and bought a completely loaded '97 Saab Convertible 2.0 Turbo stick with 54,000 for $8,500. Though I don't think a Saab as in quite the same league as the BMW, I couldn't justify the cost. I saved $10,000, only added 14,000 miles and got a slightly more powerful car and a convertible to boot.
I sold my '03 Maxima to purchase my '00 328i and I feel like I have made a wise decision! I waited until I could find a Silver w/Black interior 5sp with Performance/Sport package. WOW!! If you are in the market, don't settle for less if you can help it.    My 3 only had 26K miles and is pushing 4yrs old. This car is an absolute gem! It makes you want to take special care of it, However when you get on a winding road or in the middle of nowhere it brings out the Kid in you. These cars are built with precision and although the performance tops the scale the gas mileage is Incredible. I like to put the pedal to the floor by nature and I have not had less than 345 miles on a 16 gallon tank in the city at that!     I am a huge Honda fan but although their cars last forever, they simply could not touch my 328! I have had many cars in my life but I think that my next will have to be an M3 as anything else just wouldn't do.
This is our 4th BMW and this one is very disappointing!! It's been in the dealership 15 times sunroof, rear axle, engine oil leak, temp. gauage, brake, Igition key and etc. I am a BIG fan of BMW but this car has been pain in the rear for last 3 years. We currently have 2002 325IC and 1993 740IL and very satisifed with other 2 vehicles. This 328I currently has 45,000 miles and hope this car will last us 100,000 miles. I seriously can't believe this vehicle's been in the dealer so many times. Service at BMW seem somewhat fair after contacting BMW North America after car spent week at a dealer and went back again for same problems.
I bought one of the first E46's built (Oct 98) and have been quite happy with it. Much better than a Mercedes C series ; BMW 3-series is more of a driver's car.
The BMW 3 series is unlike any other car. Everything from the time your fire the silky smooth inline 6 to accelleration, to handling, to ride, to braking is superb. The interior is ultra high quality and very comfortable with all the controls easily within reach. It is the best combination of quiet, smooth, quality, and performance that I've ever experienced.
In my mind (and many others it seems) the best car you can buy for the money. I purchased mine as soon as graduated from college and I've loved it ever since. I purchased mine completely stock with the only options being the metallic paint and CD player (I was already streching my budget). The dealership treated me like a VIP even though I was a lowly college graduate buying their cheapest model. That strategy paid off because I will be a BMW driver for life. If you have read enough reviews then you know BMW automobiles lead the industry in handling and performance...althought the G35 coupe is knocking on the door. All that wierd stuff you hear about the car making you a better driver is, well, true. I should have killed myself many a time in this car and it always manages to bail me out. The in-line six engine and transmission mate up perfectly and for some eson my ~170 hp car feels faster than my wive's 240 hp Acura CL. Interior fit a finish is top notch, even in the base model with plastic and Leatherette. The car is great in stop and go traffic, thanks to it's more the capable always reliable brakes. BTW, I have over 85,000 mile on the original brakes. I do mostly highway driving but still that's incredible! Speaking of highway driving the car is extremely comfortable with plenty of high speed passing power...the car is German so it was breed for the Autobahn. It kind of confounds me how BMW engineers can design a car that rides so comfortably and handle so exceptional when pushed to the limits. Due to the suspension characteristics needed to perform at both ends of this spectrum it amazes how they do it. I'm gushing, but I really due believe BMW makes the 'Ultimate Driving Machine' - within the budgetary realm of most people.
Could very well be almost one of the ULTIMATE DRIVING MACHINES.  Faster than others in its class.  A blast to drive on winding mountain highways.  Because I have this car, I'm always the one driving to places with my   friends. They all favor to ride in the Beemer over their Civics,Focus's  Neons,Altimas,and Corolas.
This car has lived up to all of my expectations.  It's well built and dependable, handles solidly (both acceleration and cornering), and provides a smooth, quiet ride.  The dash is set up conveniently, the thermostat-controled climate system works well, and the sound system is killer. After more than 2 years and about 34,000 miles there are no squeeks or rattles.  Fuel efficiency is about 25 mpg in the city and 28 highway (5-speed manual transmission. Except for the very small trunk (10 cu ft or so), I can't think of anything negative to say about it.
This car has lived up to all of my expectations.  It's well built and dependable, handles solidly (both acceleration and cornering), and provides a smooth, quiet ride.  The dash is set up conveniently, the thermostat-controled climate system works well, and the sound system is killer. After more than 2 years and about 34,000 miles there are no squeeks or rattles.  Fuel efficiency is about 25 mpg in the city and 28 highway (5-speed manual transmission. Except for the very small trunk (10 cu ft or so), I can't think of anything negative to say about it.
Like the previous reviewer I had a bad experience at Fairfax BMW.  Rude, snotty salesman.  That's their loss though as I went over to Passport BMW in MD and got great service.  I worked out a deal for a car with only the options I wanted and they placed the order to have it built.  The wait was 2 months to have it built and shipped over from Germany, but the wait was well worth it.  This is the best car by far that I have ever owned.  Everything works perfectly and nothing has ever gone wrong with it in over 40K miles.  I wouldn't change a thing about it except that the steering wheel is canted slightly to the left.  I sat in 323s, 328s, Z3s and all the steering wheels are canted.  
great driving experience, overall good performance.  
i Do love all BMW that i have had.... especially this coupe rocks my world.eventhough my Z3 looks better and all, more powered 328is is my favorite to drive to and from work.
For the past 3 years I have enjoyed the 3 series BMW. The performance is excellent, after driving a Ford SUV for 10 years. The comfort of the ride is good and great gas mileage. I have had only had a few problems with my 3 series. They were a turn signal failure, a water leak on the drive side, sunroof top molding fell off after 1 year in service. All problems were fixed on time and my car was ready when I arrived.
The M3 flattens you eyeballs on acceleration, flatens them again on lateral acceleration (turning), and flatens them again on braking.  As you roll into the garage, your eyes may be bloodshot, but your smile is the size of Texas.
This car is unbelievable. The engine and transmission can't be beat. The 323 and 328i both provide excellent power and torque for both generations, the torque loving baby boomers as well as us gen-x rev happy Honda drivers. If your going to buy a 323i, I suggest the premium package with larger wheels and plenty of other neat options, as well as a sunroof which really opens the car up as well as the 6-disc changer and Harmon Kardon stereo which really rocks. The brakes, suspensions, and chasis are rock solid. This is the first BMW I've owned, and I don't think I will ever drive anything else. This 5-speed is unlike any other manual I've ever used, its so smooth, up and down-shifting at any engine speed is a breeze. The onboard computer is good, but I wish there was another clock display somewhere. Gas mileage is about 20 miles to the gallon the way I drive which is not surprising, but I've averaged almost thirty on trips. 
The quality and reliability are much better than the previous generation. The steering and auto trans are worse. I needed the new model for the additional head and leg room.I wanted a small car for aggressive driving.  This is the only car I fit that is samller than a full-size Cadillac!
Overall no real complaints.  Wish the stereotypes about BMW owners were not something I had to deal with.Like the M3 touches on the IS. Paid 27K, worth more.If you want to feel the road, buy this car. If you want to wallow in luxury, look elsewhere.
Paid $2K over invoice.  I strongly recommend it to anyone who actually *enjoys* driving but needs 4 doors to shuttle family/clients.  The styling is great.  However, its strengths are really in how it drives.I just wish that the buying experience was more pleasant.  
You guys already know about these cars enough, so I won't get into the superlatives.  But I would like to share with you one thing:If any of you were in the car with me one night that I REALLY flogged the car around the bends, on the highway, etc. you would become a believer in BMWs being the ultimate vehicles, no matter what you think.  Utterly incredible.  And the car didn't even have sport suspension!Talk about feeling-better-the-faster-you-go.  What a driver's car.  I did things in this car that in anything else short of a highly-modded sports car or anything less than a Porsche would have gotten you killed.  That alone speaks immensely of these Bavarian engineers' focus.  6 stars out of 5.  Nothing else comes close on the market.I don't have the time nor the patience to explain (believe me, I have tried, researched, and whatever else you can think of, LONG AND HARD), save yourself and get a BMW.  Forget anything else including Audi and Benz.  If you are thinking about a Porsche just get the new M3.  Best car company on the planet, period.  If you argue with that then you are, no offense, simply ignorant.
The Bimmer cost more than the competition, but after a week of driving it, I knew exactly where the extra cash went.  I dig the Xenon headlights & the non-HK sound system is pretty darn good (previous system was custom Alpine/PPI/JL/Altec).  I've gone through 27,000 wonderful miles, 4 tires & 2 routine service intervals.  I only wish I waited for the coupe!
I tested all this cars and nothing compares with the BMW.  BMW is a class car all of the other were good cars but BMW is better starting with the engine, road handling, FUN!, and of course it turns heads.  I would recommend this car to anyone that has the money, power and respect if you don't have that then please choose another car.  BMW is a Driving Machine and like a driving machine you should step back move over to the right lane and let the BMW pass through.
Would recommend no doubt. Its the car of a boss. It's got it all. Can't wait for the new one(2001). VROOOOM. Even better. 
This car is no doubt a blast to drive. The ride is comfortable, and the road handling is great. Im a little disappointed in the wind noise and belive that it just might be my car.  My buddy has the same car and does not complain about the noise.  Overall its a sharp, well built driving machine!  If your looking for heads to turn when you roll down the street, this car would be for you.  I dont recommend having the windows tinted though, it makes it hard to see out of at night with the heating side mirrors which are blue-tinted. 
I bought this baby for about $37K drive-out around April '98.  Ever since then, I've been driving the hell out of her.  The car is pure plesure on the road.  I have a manual transmission and pretty much learned to drive one on this car.  I cannot explain how much I fun I have everyday just taking the car out on the road.  The gear box, acceleration and handling are all just so mixed in perfectally.  I have added a Top Speed cat-back exhaust system, BMP Design hi-flo racing air filter, OZ Italy Sinfonia rims, and Yokahama AVS Sport tires to the car.  Buyers beware; once you start to fix this car up, you may be unleashing a monster inside yourself.  The feeling of making something almost perfect even better may get addicting.  I would definitely advice getting this car.  There is the newer model out, and I have heard nothing but good about it.  If you want performance, build quality, and a classy car, go for it.
(1998 Model) - If you want an all around fun open air car to drive that fits four, the BMW 328ic is it. It's fast, reliable and the automatic top comes down in about 35 seconds. The only draw back is it is a bit pricey in the $40K plus range.
performance is amazing for a car that isnt an official 'sports car'it looks beutiful, i like the shape of my 98 e36 than an e46.the steering, acceleration, firm ride, braking, suspension, handling ,comfort and look is why i love this car.the ride is amazing. and im riding on all factory.i took a ride upstate ny and i was driving 120. i know it could have went faster if i would have hit the gas harder. i was handling a conversation with ma boy and the road was curving. 120 and the engine wasnt roaring. i was going for a strait 10 mins driving 100mph and the steering got really tight, and it felt amazing.seriosly, if your looking to buy a car in this class, and your looking between a lex is300, es300, mercedes c280 or e320, audi a4...get this 328.this car is the ultimate driving machine!
Best car I have ever owned!  Great looks, power, styling, value, and overall a solid car.  Will never buy anything but BMW for the rest of my life. Car is easy to upgrade, i have put on a active auto werke stage 3 turbo, Dinan cold air intake, Remus exhaust, Remus Headers, Dinan big bore throtle body, koni/eibach stage 3 race suspension, short shifter, 18 inch millie miglia rims, and a full body kit.  PUTS ALL RICE BURNERS TO SHAME:)
Absolute piece of junk. The entire electric top system has gone out and I am now informed that these never work and never have. They should not even be selling this car. We hve had it in the shop 5 times in the last month, invested almost $4000 in repairs and the car has only 60,000 miles. And, we still don't know if it is fixed.
At first I loved this car. Now I hate it and can't wait to get rid of it.
Great car to drive.  As a used car,it's an excellent buy.  On back roads this car is amazing, so composed and fast.  Just stick it in third and let the car do the rest.
Great car to drive.  As a used car,it's an excellent buy.  On back roads this car is amazing, so composed and fast.  Just stick it in third and let the car do the rest.
I have driven this car for 5 years, and as I'm faced with having to replace my brakes , I feel the need to vent! Yes, replacing the brakes is an annual affair for this car. A pricey, annual affair at that. The brake dust only adds to my frustration. And, that's just the tip o' the iceberg for this BM-trouble-U'. My gas gauge 'trips' out at least annually. Doesn't register tank as being full. Keep having to replace the gas gauge sensor. Brake light bulbs burn out semi-annually. The automatic/manual button lights near the gear shifter burn out semi-annually. Usually have to lubricate the door handles at least annually so they'll work. All of these 'issues' are totally unacceptable in my opinion for what was a $35,000 car.     But, hey, this is the ultimate driving machine, right? BMW has offered no apology for the quirks my car has exhibited. The car drives like a dream. What BMW owner has ever complained about its driving performance? Not many. My car is equipped with the sports package/suspension. The ride is taut. Very responsive steering. Excellent grip. Corners with the best. Little body lean. Seats are very, very supportive / comfortable.  82,000 miles and the engine purrs. This car drives and drives, and then drives. It begs to get out on the road- any road. Loves S-curves! My car has NEVER broken down. By far the most reliable vehicle as far as driving performance. All BMW needs to do is figure out how to make the electrical components last. Doesn't seem hard to do. Ironically, the onboard computer has never failed. I use it regularly and I'm amazed it has never given me probs considering the other electrical probs. The heating/AC system is excellent. The Harmon Kardon stereo system (at 5 years) is among the best on the market. The sound is fantastic. I have cranked tunes on my stereo since the day I drove off the lot new, and the speakers have never faltered!
Purchased as a certified pre-owned but was like new- impeccable, not a scratch on it, low miles and came with warranty. Was what I always wanted...
Bought pre-owned super clean and loaded with 27000 miles. Have 45,000 miles now. The dealer experience was great. 4 yr 100,000 warranty. The car has all the qualities I was looking for, a combination of sporty/luxury. The 5 speed is quick and agile. Driving at 80 feels like nothing. smooth. acceleration is very good especially past 80mph. Just down shift and ummmph! Zipping in and out of traffic at 80 effortlessly and you'll be the envy of every car you pass. At high speed the car is just amazing to drive. The car is nicer than 95% of the cars you'll see while driving and everyone around you knows it. you can run it fast or just go grocery shopping with it. The car says Class and style, and defines your personality. Not too many cars have the ability to do this. especially at this price. I have had zero problems with the car. I change the oil as recommened and keep the car clean and waxed so it will last and look great for a long time. As far as the 3 series goes other than the pricey M the 328i is the best car in it's class. The car has been voted Car & Drivers top 10 just about every year. There is a reason for that, Of course this is my opinion, There are other cars that may satisfy you but I can't see how this car would not please just about everyone. All you haters are just wannbe be Beemer owners.     BMW's live up to their rep with me, I love this car.
I bought this car as son as I drove it. I never thought I would be a BMW driver due to the yuppie reputation it had. However, the weenies that buy this car for image are missing (and tainting,in my opinion) the whole idea of the BMW: this is a driver's car! It doesn not have all the gaudy accutrements found in Mercedes. It does not have the over-the-top stying of other sport sedans. It does not have the cavernous interior of american sedans. Nearly everything wonderful that this car has can be felt, but not seen. This car is designed with one thing in mind- allow the driver to have a great handling car that is quick without making him look like as obvious as the guy in the Mustang or vette who simply wants a head-turning, racey-looking ride. BMW styling is understated and conservative. BMW performance is spirited and revolutionary. I have owned several mustang GT's, a corvette, and a Grand AM GT. Those are great cars for kids (which I was when I owned them) but for a mature professional they simply won't do. The Bimmer on the other hand, is so classy, so refined and subtle that no one would ever expect them to drive like scaled-down Porsches. The combination of the the most linear accelaration curve I have ever experienced, shoking brake response, and steering that defies description all come together to make this vehicle drive not as though it is a car you are controlling, but as though it is an extension of your own mind and body. Mercedes does not make a single model that handles as intuitively as this car. Jaguars, while probably the most elegant vehicles ever designed, do not come close. Corvette, no way (but still mind-blowing). Ford Mustang, not in a million years. In fact, the only vehicle I have ever driven that is as 'natural' to drive as the BMW's are Porsches. I consider them to be distant cousins, with the porsche being the more flamboyant, outspoken one, and the BMW being the quiet, reserved, but equally refined one. These cars are not bad in the snow either. They have nearly perfect 50/50 weight distribution, unlike most rear-wheel drive cars, which makes them acceptable for winter use. Compared to the other vehicles I've driven, the BMW is the best in the snow (but still not as good as a good front-wheel drive car). In the end, this car will excite you (the driver) and probably no one else. I think that's exactly what BMW had in mind when they made it.
I purchased this car new , it had 7 miles on at purchase. I was replacing a Volvo 240 DL that had over 300,000 miles on it. This car has been basically trouble free at 121,000 miles. i have it serviced regularly at the dealer and now by a private garage that specializes in BMW and Mercedes. I'm looking for a new car to replace the 318 and probably buy another BMW 5 series, I'm giving the old one to my son
The convertible has been a real pleasure to drive except for tons of small annoyances and the sinking feeling in my stomach over all the money I am pouring into this car (an evil depreciating asset).  Payments, insurance and maintenance add up to over US$1000/month.  On the minus side, since buying this certified pre-owned car the headliner in the roof has fallen down twice, a metal spar in the roof has fallen out repeatedly, the glove box fell apart, squeaks and rattles have appeared all over and intermittent problems with the roof stalling and the car not wanting to start have occurred.  My experience with the dealer has been horrible (Foreign Motors West, Natick MA).  I have not gone back.  When the car was delivered it had a crack in the windshield and the wrong plates.  When I took it back for repairs, the service department could not find some of the problems and missed fixing other items I'd written down.  I ended up fixing some myself.  I already mentioned the $$$ situation.  I am getting rid of the car because of this.  I cannot afford it anymore now that all my money has evaporated in the stock market :^(.On the plus side, the ride is as smooth as silk and quiet even at 70MPH with the roof down.  It looks great and is super-comfortable.  We like cruising around with the heated seats on, the top down and heat cranked when it's 40F outside.  It handles like a dream.  It certainly turns heads and I constantly get comments about how nice the car is.  The climate-control system is the best I've seen and the cruise-control is dead-on all the time never wavering from the set speed.If I had deeper pockets maybe I'd flock to the new 330iC but I don't.  So, it's probably going to be a used Saab convertible next.  At least it's US$10-15K cheaper and I can drive it in the winter.  You get what you pay for so I know it won't be as nice but more important you get what you can afford.  I can't afford this BMW any longer.  Some please take over the payments :^) !!!
I love it. It's a bachelor's car. I'm 21 and it's the perfect size and style for me. Overall good performance. It's actually one of the few BMW models with the least problems. They've come out with the new ti in Europe, still don't know if they're launching it here. Maybe not. That means I still have the most recent model... as of US release.
I would reccomend this car to anyone who wants to 'enjoy the drive' and wants to connect with their vehicle a bit.  While the car is reliable, you will have to shell out money for maintenence and for repair eventually.  But if you like it as much as i do, it's ok, because you can have to 10 10-15 years in which time you might buy several japanese or domestics.  
A couple years ago, I thought about what my dream car would be (within range of middle-class ownership).  I drooled over the M3's introduced in 1995 but they were too small to be practical.  My dream car would've been an M3 for its performance with 4 doors to allow me to haul back-seat passengers like my daughter.I had always owned cars/trucks with a manual transmission.  No doubt they drive sportier.  But I guess I'm tired of shifting, so I also dreamed that my M3 would have an automatic.Not until recently did I discover they made such a car in 1997/1998!  Within three months, I found the 4-door M3 with automatic I dreamed of.The car is phenomenol!  Even with automatic, acceleration is quite brisk.  The engine loves to pull and rev to its redline.  And the engine is very smooth.Handling is also great.  Suspension is more firm than a 323i/328i which I prefer for improved feel of how the car reacts to the road and for break-neck cornering.  When I first got the car, I had to learn to trust it because I held mental baggage based on experience with average cars with body roll and other bad cornering manners.  The M3 can be pushed much harder through curves and it is quite forgiving.Luxuries are appreciated on this model.  I would bet interiors of 328's are similarly equipped.I gave a 5-star rating based on the great price I paid, no doubt this is a 3-year old vehicle.  I'd be freaked out to pay $45k new.I am very happy with this car.  It speaks class and I'm proud to drive it.  A 4-door automatic family sedan that drives like a sports car?  Oh yeah.  It drives better than the cheaper cars that people call 'sports cars'.
Paid $42,000If money is not a problem then go for it!  I tried the 328 they are nice too.
My first BMW was a '95 M3 (3.0 liter six--240 hp), and THAT car was to die for.  But, alas, criminals had their way with it, stealing my rims and front bumper on two separate occasions.  So I 'downgraded' to the '97 328is (2.8 liter six--190 hp) for $36,000, new.  I don't think I missed much, especially considering the difference in maintenance costs (my 30 mile service on the M3 was going to be $900.00!); I haven't paid a dime for service on my '97 yet!  BMW offers free routine maintenance on its new cars for three years or 50,000 miles.  That's big. But let's talk about what this car is REALLY about:  The driving.  It is the perfect car for all driving conditions (except maybe ice--but who cares, I live in California); whether on twisty mountain roads or traffic-snarled interstates, you always have fun in this car.  On the twisties, you find yourself pushing harder and deeper into each turn because you realize that this car is so balanced, it is almost impossible to do anything stupid.  Mustangs, Camaros, and 'Vettes scare the heck outta me; the BMW 3-series makes my feel like I know what I'm doing.  I find myself lightening up on the steering wheel in the Bimmer, whereas the American counterparts whiten my knuckles as I hold on for dear life--not fun.  The BMW encourages spirited driving!  That's what this car is all about.  If a machine can have a soul, this one does.  Okay, enough gushing.  There is one thing I hate about this car:  the so-called premium stereo system.  Basically, it stinks! Bass is muddy, mids are flat, and soundstage is non-existent.  Any Honda's for half the price will blow it away--shame on you, BMW!  To solve this problem, I upgraded to an Eclipse in-dash CD player.  Speakers will have to be next.  Until then, I'll live.Overall, you just can't beat the 3-series.  I've driven the '97 Audi A4, and, while it is a solid-feeling ride, it just doesn't have that more-than-the-sum-of-its-parts essence the 3 series has.  My next car WILL be another 3 series!
I never thought of BMW's as a good bang for the buck kind of car but I am changing my mind. This car looks great and has surpassed all my expectations. I looked at cars in this price range ($31k +/- $3k) for about a year before deciding. The Acura CL has a poor weight ratio (62/38) so the steering feel wasn't as good. The Benz C-class is good if you are concerned more about your passengers than yourself. It's also not as performance oriented for the driver. The Lexus IS300 wasn't really in the running after I saw the styling (my opinion). The Infiniti G35 was great except that the coupe has less room in the rear than the BMW. I use the back on a regular basis (small kids). Lastly, the Audi A4 was a very close second choice because it has a good blend of performance, luxury, and build quality. I also noticed that the 3-series' wheel base is deceptively long which makes for a comfortable highway ride. All in all, I plan to keep this coupe until I give it to my daughter for high school which will be in 14 years. Believe me, this car will last.    I would recommend this car to people that actually enjoy driving. This car will make you a better driver than you knew you could be. However, I think if you really enjoy 'bells and whistles' you'd do better with the Benz C-Class, Acura TL or CL, or the Audi A4.
had the car for 8 months now. 14k miles already on it. purchased it w/ prem package, xenon, 5-speed manual (big mistake), and folding rear seats. visited many local dealerships and found don rosen to be the best.    i looked at the audi a4 which is $3-4K cheaper but two things drew me away 1.) audi's reliablity history and 2.) the '02 a4 didn't offer power seats (now they do) and no wood trim option.  i would buy this car again in a heartbeat. i only wish bmw doesn't screw up the overall design like the '02 7-series and next yrs, '03 5-series. yuck. even the new z4's interior is shotty locking. why the heck is chris bangle approving those designs?
What I think:  I love my car - definately my baby! I grew up in a BMW family and of course my first car had to be one! (My choice, of course.) Don't get me wrong, I have driven other cars for a shorter period of time, but nothing compares - love almost everything about it. It brings joy and excitement to driving and a smile on my face when I approach it. (I know, very corny.) But it is definately the best car I have ever driven in its price range and I wouldn't trade it for the world.     This is My Car:  330i/Sports Package/Xenon Headlights/Heated Seats/Leather Seats/Metallic Paint/Moonroof    The Facts:  The last 3 options come in the Premium Package, but being as young as I am, I couldn't convice myself to accept the wood trim that comes with it. (You don't save any money with the Premium Package anyway.)    A note of caution: Do not get the sports package if you live in a big city and can't take a bumpy ride. I don't mind, but my father a car enthusiast that enjoys a smooth ride told me that I shouldn't have gotten the sports package. I responded that on his next Bimmer he doesn't have to get it.
This car in Australia cost approx. $US42,000 which is quite expensive when compared to what you guys have to fork out.    It is fully optioned with sun-roof, auto, metallic colour, leather, sports seats, sports steering wheels, alarm, top of the range 17' wheels with 225/50 ZR TYRES etc.    I have driven latest C-class 2.6lt Merc/Lexus 300 and there was no comparison. BMW just excelled in every department. The car is shaped and built like a sports sedan that has Dr Hyde/Mr Jackle characteristics.    This car is an example to all manufaturers in that world what persuit for excellence means.
I believe it would be completely unnecessary for me to repeat how wonderful this car drives. It is indeed a driver’s car. I have a 325i with the automatic, and it is fast, 0-60 in 8 sec. The automatic shifts smoothly and matches very well with the engine. According to various testing, with the stick shift, it can do it about a sec faster, and I don’t believe I can shift that fast anyway. In addition, it emits a sporty exhaust tone as it flies off the line. You can feel the engine, and the road , but just enough such that you fell connected to the car and to the driving experience. The ride is firm but still very comfortable. What amazes me is how well the car handles. I was once driving at 45 m/h during a test drive on a road full of pebbles, and have decided to make a U-turn. The car just turned beautifully without any skidding and understeering. This is absolutely remarkable. The ABS was activated because I felt a little pulsation from the brakes and it was very smooth and not intrusive at all. I am pretty sure that the stability control system was on too to keep the car on track. I applaud BMW to include all of these important safety features, ABS, stability control, 6 air bags as standard equipment. By contrast, the stability control of Lexus IS300 is “optional” and impossible to find. For those who live in an area that snows and rains, it seems foolish to buy a car of this class that is rear-wheel drive without stability control (a $350 option).    The BMW is expansive to buy, but only if you allow the dealer to sell you the car that he WANTS to sell. I remind you that the basic price of a 325i is just a little over 27K and it has all the essentials to make it a fun and safe car to drive. 330i is faster but do you really need that extra power and pay nearly 5K more? Basic 325i are hard to find but if you try you will find it. Most dealers have these cars but they don’t show them unless you insist. I paid only 28K for my brand new BMW. The most common option package is the so-called premium package for about $2,800. The package contains the wood trim that I hate because I think it takes away the sporty characters of the car, and the basic titanium is modern and sporty. It also has the 8-way power seat is completely useless for me since I am the only driver—how often do I need to change seat position?     I don’t own this car long enough to know how expen
Highly recommended.  MUCH BETTER THAN VOLKSWAGENS.  I'VE DRIVEN THEM ALL.  NOT AS GOOD. NOT AS GOOD.
Once you have purchased a BMW, it is very difficukt to go to another type of car. They really ARE the best in their class.I use this car hard, on the street, back road twisty bits, and the track for 'play days'. With over 100,000kms on the odometer, I am still in love with this car. I like the styling and the performance better than the new E46, so it's going to be hard to trade on the new models. Ah well, I suppose I'll live. C'est dommage :-)I would recommend this car to anyone.
I'm waiting for the new m3, if they improve the feel over the 330ci I'll take it other wise probably end up supercharging mine. Love the looks it's stealth and if you don't to be too flashy this is the one. The looks will never fade.By the way Advantage has always iven me 110% quality service.
Absolutely one of the best sedans ever built.  Drives like a true sports car, yet gives you the usefullness of a sedan.  Truly fun when the road has twists and turns.
i got ripped off by the commercials, the ultimate driving machine ma ass. do germans only work on fridays or what?? how cum the car is such a piece of crap?? couldn't those stupid germans piece together a car that won't faulter so daymn often? 
The 88 Honda was such a better car (better gas mileage, handling, reliability, affordability) overall.  This is a good car but nothing spectacular.  If I were to do it again, I'd get a 328 sedan, 1-2 years old.  That $23,000 I spent (incl loan, taxes) would be worth about $50k now if I had invested it (I had the Honda up until July 2000, so I didn't need another car)is now worth probably 10 grand, if I'm lucky.  BMWs do not hold their value and unfortunately are often key-ringed by idiots.  My next car will probably be a Japanese model because the aforementioned negatives outweigh the positives.
After 5 years the dazzle wears off and reality sets in. I really like 3 series cars but I know now that there are better choices when overall ownership is considered. The cost of maintenance is high once they start to need it (which as AFTER the 3 year free stuff) insurance is higher, premium gas is highly recommended. My seat broke (3yrs) the gauges and lighting went crazy one day as I was driving (as if I were on the Enterprise doing battle with Klingons and getting beat up) and the terrible controls with their tiny buttons (check it our yourself) are difficult to use while driving. Any other car company would get ragged for such a thing - just try to set the clock or adjust the your eyes on the road. The paint job looks good but my white one had marred finish due to bird droppings - one I removed in minutes after it happened. They do not clearcoat white. No other car I ever owned had that kind of paint problem. If you get one, pay for the metallic or watch our for seagulls and pelicans They are nice cars but I do not like the fact that the 2001 $31K model is with our cruise or the back seat does not fold in such a small car(4dr) and note that the civic sized 3 series features have changed over the years. Check out the Lexus IS 300 or the Acura CL or even the econiomical and cool 2001 Mazda Millenia S which I just bought as replacement.
I bought my 318is (used) from a local BMW dealer.  Because I drive more than 37,000 miles per year in my job, I wanted a car for every-day use that was 1) good on the highway, 2) fun to drive, 3) got good gas mileage, and 3) was built to last. I couldn't be happier with the 318is. (Especially now that [premium] gasoline is over $2.00 per gallon!) I do most of my driving on the highway, and I consistently get 32 miles per gallon in the 318is. The BMW four cylinder engine (with the five speed manual transmission), rockets the car to highway speeds and is as smooth as many six cylinders available from other manufacturers. The little four cylinder has plenty of power to accelerate in fifth gear past monstrous 18-wheelers and other obstacles on the highway. I expect to drive this car for at least three more years before trading it for another 3-series coupe. Highly recommended.
We particularly wanted a BMW 318SE because it was (we thought) probably amongst te best cars on the road. The car itself looked great - it was love at first sight and it drove very well. That was the car of course and not the dealership - I dont know anyone who would have the cheek to try and sell a very expensive secondhand car with front tyres on the legal limit and then gripe at a request to get new ones on there, or who would try and charge for those little plastic inserts that stop the crap getting into the splines on the alloy anti theft nuts.  Well, back to the car, like many contributors to this site, having replaced a never ending stream of parts, and having concluded that we must now have replaced enough to stop paying the $750 annual donation to BMW's piggy bank (extended warranty), we find that the exhaust which is totally uncorroded on the outside, has fallen apart inside - that is both the catalytic converter and the back box. After about 1.5 years of ownership and a complaint to the UK customer helpline, I have come to the conclusion that BMWs are really great cars that are built by monkeys with meccano parts. I've spent many years servicing/maintaining cars and I have to say that I have never had a car that seem to be able to get through parts like our BWM.  We, like others that have written in, are now trying to decide whether to cut our losses and go for a more reliable car, or whether we should just carry on, on the assumption that someday we will have replaced enough parts to make it reliable.            
This has pretty much been the best car I've ever owned. The build quality is fantastic, it gets good gas mileage, handles great, fun to drive, reliable, etc, etc. The car is now 11 years old (I have owned for 2). The interior looks almost brand new.
Basically, this car sucks. I wouldn't take a BMW car or motorcycle if it was offered to me free. While the car handles well and has plenty of power, the quality is the worst I have ever seen. Some repairs can only be done at a dealer and they charge HIGH prices. If you're not driving one of their 'premium' cars, you're pretty much trash to most dealers.
Car is fast and fun to drive. I have the auto tranny. Bought on pre-owned program in 1999. Dealer put a bent rim in trunk and I found it a week later. He replaced it, but so much for the 100-point inspection!    I wanted to buy Japanese, but could not find one that had similar handling and performance. BMW builds well performing cars. I got the sport package, leather and upgraded sound with CD changer. I like the big sun roof.
This is by far the best car that I have ever owned. I bought it in 1999, and have enjoyed every moment. It handles well, it gets great gas mileage, and is one of the best head turners on the road. I don't think that I will own anything but a BMW. They are the ulitmate driving machines!    I have read that some people are having trouble with the dealerships, and I think that it depends on what dealership you go to. Don't blame the manufacturer. I purchased the 100K warranty from Easycare when I purchased my car. Anytime it has ever been in the shop over the last 3 years, I have been given a GREAT loaner car (525, 325, M Roadster, Z-3) and impeccible customer service.     The windscreen is a must, but DON'T buy it from the dealer. They charge $700 and I bought it used for $325.
Beautiful Alaska Blue paint, aluminum wheels, power options, fantastic MPG, agile, power roof, REAR wheel drive and all the other things you would associate with a BMW. But wait, it's got a 1.9 litre 4 cylinder? Yes. And it's still a reall Bimmer, regardless of what the 5-7 series drivers tell you at the autocross track. Actually it's quite a popular car in countries outside the USA because of it's smallish motor, though you can get it over there with a 6 cyl., or retro-fit a M-42 in the bay yourself. So far- no mechanical or electrical problems to speak of. Paint buffs well, interior leather is still soft and the plascic components haven't aged day. Can you say typical German auto? I've owned a few VWs, a Toyota and several American cars and trucks. This has got to be one of my all around favorites so far. A mid 90s VW Jetta III would be a close second, first if you considering trunk space a priority. With other models costing twice as much, this Bimmer will satisfy your urge for a German built car at a reasonable price.
I bought this car while in college at the age of 18 and received some of the benefits of having a 'Beemer' while still in school. With that said I also put 18 inch chrome wheels on it that actually looked like 20's because the car was so small. Any way it eventually got old. People do tend to perceive you as being rich, little do they know it’s just a souped up Honda civic. This is a decent overall car though. It must be cared for and handled delicately or there is a small (may I add big) price to pay. I had the car for about 3 years until it was totaled about a month ago in a collision. I walked out without a scratch on me. If I had a choice I probably wouldn't buy another BMW. But overall I was satisfied.
Over-rated car, looks luxurious but lacks reliability.
The best experience is the prestige of driving a BMW. Get the extras like sports suspension and extra large wheels. The car looked good. My favorite BMW is the 1995 325is with extra large wheels.  Its not the fastest and it sure isn't the most luxurious, but it makes you feel cool when you drive up to a night club. hahaha Its a chick magnet!!!
What more can I say. This is the car that raised the mark for high performance sports cars and sports sedans. All of the written reviews and magazine articles were telling the truth. Overall, the M3 is one of the best handling sports sedans and it has lots of power to play with. Plus, you get the benefits of German engineering and comfort. This car does well picking groceries or going all out the race track.
Alot, but definately worth it... 4.6 out of 5 roundels... Would run about $20-25K in 2000 with 40K miles.. If you do not have the bucks, by a Miata for $10K...(extreme fun! - Its like driving a adult go-kart LEGALLY!)
Great Car!
I bought this car used (75000 mi) from a dealership. I live in the city and can only justify owning one car. This is the only car out there that does it all so well. It is a top notch sportscar that can take 4 passengers and a trunkload of stuff, and look great doing it. This was simply the only choice. I guess I could have opted for an Interga or something, but there is no emotional facter there. The suspension has a magical ability to eat up anything you can throw at it. The balance of the car is great: neutral with very controllable throttle-induced oversteer. If you get the tail to let go by overzealous throttle use, it is easy to retreive it. The only downside is that the car has not been perfectly reliable. A lot of stuff has gone wrong that should not have in a car of this class. Replaced wheel bearings, rear breaks, seatbelt sensors & steering column all in 2 years (that would not happen on a Toyota). I think it might be cheaper to just get a new one, which is what I plan to do. It is just such a fine car that I am willing to take the risk.
I bought this car new on a whim 6 years ago.  After 50000 miles I havehad ZERO repairs other than a few warranty things.  Even the originalMichelins are still on it!  With the 5 speed, I have never gotten lessthan 26 mpg, but I use this car mostly for highway trips.  It is rattlefree, the power leather seats are great and offer unlimited adjustability,and if you know how to drive you can put almost anything to shame on atwo lane road.  Rear seats fold down so you can even squeeze in a mountain bike.  Even when these cars do break, parts don't cost that muchanymore.  BMW has done a good job in this regard. I'm looking at new carsand can say that this car is a tough act to follow.
I paid $32,200 and yes it is worth it!  I just recently bought a 1994 (same year) BMW 325iC sport/luxury convertible.  Both cars are great, they look handsome, and they get lots of attention.  The coupe is more of a 'winter car', while the convertible is my 'summer' car.
When I first bought this car it was really sweet!, cause I had bought it for a cheap price and it looked dope.  Before i bought it the previous owner had already put an M3 body kit on it, including the M3 mirrors and had put on a different shifter, exhaust and installed a K&N intake system.  The car runs pretty smooth even after the 3 years that I've had it, making it running good for 7 years total.  It's a nice car that's has a pretty smooth drive.  But the engine is gutless
Fun to drive, great looks, best used car I've ever owned
I absolutly love my car.  I've kept it stock for the most part up until recently.  I've added a rear spoiler and clear turn signals to it.  Its pretty fast I think.  I've beaten many cars I thought I couldn't off the line, even slightly tuned ones.  It handles extreamly well except for some body roll into corners at speed.  It came to me with a blown transmission that I had to have repleaced.  The BMW dealer who installed it thinks the previous owner got stuck in a snowbank and rocked the car to death to get out.  The only problem I've had other than that is a switch in the origonal turn signals went bad.  It was a cheap part so it wasn't a big deal.  The black plastic trim along the bottom of the car was painted red to match the rest of the car before I got it, so it looks much newer than a '94.  Comming from a family of car lovers and having my head under the hood of many cars, I would reccomend this car to anyone and everyone.  If you keep one of these in good condition its often mistaken for a brand new 3 series.
Bought this car in 1998 with 70,000 miles on it. I now have just under 160,000 miles and have done nothing but routine service. I normally don't keep a car for as long as I've kept this one, but it's just too good to get rid of (and with the mileage on it now it's virtually worthless as a trade-in) I'm just going to keep driving it until it quits. I have no idea how long that will be.
This review may not be entirely valid, as i just aquired the car yesterday. I am a young driver, almost 18, but i have been a car enthuisiast since long before i could drive. BMW's have long been my favorite cars, particularly M3's. I never thought i'd own one until much much later in life, so it is very exciting to have found one that i can afford. it seems to be in GREAT condition, from the looks of it youd NEVER think it was 10 years old. In my opinion, no cars age more gracefully than BMW's, and i believe that BMW knows this, as they havent changed their basic style much, ever. Still rather boxy (except for the new z's and what not), still the two round lights on either side (i find it very interesting that cars still emulate the four round headlight design from old german cars).  this is only my second car, my first being a green (ugh) ford (ugh) taurus (UGH). at least it was an SHO. it was indeed faster than this 4 cyl, but nowhere NEAR as fun to drive. everyone is right, this truely is the ultimate driving machine. I do believe that when this one craps out (PLEASE last me through college!) i shall be attempting to get another BMW. perhaps an M3 this time. *drool*. until then, i may put clear driving lights and turn signals on it, to make it even nicer looking. it is exactly what you think of when you think BMW: boxy, 2 door, black, tan leather, lots of spokes alloy wheels. classic. i may never like owning a car more for the rest of my life. i love it.     (keep in mind, my stars are for a 4250 dollar car, not a 35000 dollar one, and ive only owned it 1 day
Mechanically perhaps a work of art; electrically a heap of JUNK.     We owned a 325 for seven years and had nothing but electrical problems. Worse, everything was intermittant and couldn't be fixed. We fought the problems the best we could while we had a warranty, but got worn out from so many trips and poorly trained mechanics. I say mechanics, not technicians, because they could not handle the electrical failures. We would have gotten rid of it after a year, but couldn't afford to at the time, and after it was paid off, we hung onto it and put up with it.    Yes, I'm writing this review for a 1993 car, but it hasn't changed since - read some of the recent reviews for the 5-series. I don't know if our car was a lemon either. We met others that lived at the dealership. We did try to use the lemon law, but failed. You need a hire a lawyer to get you thru it. I'm sure you can tell I'm out to get BMW.
This car flies, and is luxurious at the same time.
I bought my car when it was 6 yrs old. I bought it in Ottawa, the price is in Canadian dollar. It is now almost 12 yrs old. For those shopping for a used BMW, I have an advice: watch out!! and make sure you set aside about 1500 dollars a year for maintenance. But to be fair, I have become addicted to my car. I just love it. To date, I have not sat or driven any other brand of car that has given me the driving pleasure that my BMW has given me. I commute 45 mins every day each way to my work. And I love it!! I have the manual 325, and my wife and I can not imagine driving anything other than BMW, that's why today, I went and bought a brand new 2003 325i. So, in short, if your pocket allows, and you really love driving, this is the car for you. I test drove all kinds of cars in the past few months, and none of them came close to BMW, manual version. The handling, acceleration, the sound, the seat, the angle, everything is perfect in that car. Not the most reliable car out there, but correctly called 'The Ultimate Driving Machine' by its manufacturer. And it indeed has been the ultimate. And I have been driving the used and now 12 year old version of it!!
I think it is a great car other than the repairs.
BMW is a brilliant car IF you can afford to keep pushing your hard earned coins to keep it happy. They once ruled the rear-drive sport sedans theme, at the time i purchased the car. NOW, thanks to the brilliant Lexus IS, Alfa 156 and Audi A4/S4, thats not the case anymore.Unless your BMW crazy, there are far better choices!
I paid £7500 for mine in april this year and yes I thourghly recommend it.  It took me a while to find one at this price that was a 325i coupe black with clack leather interior but glad I have one now.  Insurance for me is £550 fully comprehensive with living in a city and being 29 years old with full no claims discount...but in saying that I have been done for speeding now 94mph in a 70mph zone..but these be the breaks or lack of them at the time...ha ha ha :)  the policeman did say he would have done the other guy I overtook at the time if there had been two of them but seeing as he was a biker and they don't like us beemer drivers seeing as they are getting rid of the BMW bikes in the UK cause BMW said they can supply a touring for the same price as a bike they are somewhat miffed I think....tuff I say.Anyway if your young and have some dosh....buy one but be very careful you don't bump it....if your old then have some fun...it'll take you back to your youth and you might even let some people change their opinion about pensioner drivers...sorry but had to be said.Finally to anyone who doesn't own a BMW...flash your lights to want by and hope to god that your right foot is made of lead....you will need it.Thanks for listeningShuggy 8)take care
i think i have the best all around bmw.i have a 325ix in a 5spd. this car is sweet, it has the classic bmw styling, it aged so well. bmw owners always ask me what's the ix mean. its AWD baby! this thing loves the snow and the rain. i have had no major problems with this car since day 1. it drives great. if you want a pce of bmw history try to find one of these bad boys if you can, i rarely see an ix on the road. mine only has 80,000 miles on it and its super clean. i have had 5 people ask to buy this car from me. but no way this is a keeper until i die.best thing i ever spent 32grand on, and that was in 1990.
The 325ix is a classic BMW.  I'm glad to see that BMW is again producing the all-wheel drive 325xi and 330xi.  My car has 160,000 miles on it and still runs strong.  The engine and 5-speed transmission produce incredible torgue and the all-wheel drive glues the car to the road.  An absolute pleasure to drive.  I will never sell this car.  In fact, I'm looking for another old 3-series to drive during summer months to save miles on my ix for the winter!  
i bought this as a little used (28K) little loved car. previous owner gave it to their bm garage every year and thought that was that. i have had to clean every last square inch twice to make it look good and feel 'mine'. other than that the car is great and has been ultra reliable for the first two months/2K miles. i do 60 to work every day and it returns 35 mpg every week. the factory conversion to right hand drive leaves a lot to be desired - the brake bar can be heard every time its applied, the handbrake is too far away and the fan control is obscured and the wrong way round. the forward hinging bonnet is a pain for engine access. well engineered but not so well designed - especially the rhd conversion - go visit nissan and check out their design department for many good lessons bmw.
This is my 3rd BMW.  I love them!  They truly are the ultimate driving machine!  This car has had no problems since I bought it.  It has 129,000 and is running strong - it'll last another 200,000 I bet.  These cars are the best for comfort and handling.  I would definately recommend these cars! It can be pricy to maintain these cars - it is a higher maintenance car.  But if you take care of it, it'll last you forever.  I live in California so I haven't had experience driving these in bad weather.  In the rain it is fine.  
I bought this car in 1999.    My BMW 3 series was a truly excellent car to drive. It was a tad sluggish, due to its weight, but they are built like tanks! and that handling....SWEET.    HOWEVER, they are bloody expensive to maintain, and when they finally go south, it's time to get another car.     This happened after I hit about 168,000 miles and I decided to rev the engine just for fun. The timing belt slipped off, and destroyed the engine. According to my mechanic, the spark plug got burnt. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you check this car thoroughly by a good mechanic before you buy this wonderful car. They last for ever, but their low prices will be offset by their high maintenance bills!     Also, I highly recommend you get a 5 speed. My automatic was S L O W!
It is a really fun car in the summer you can really get the girls, or the guy's in my sister's case. People say that BMW's aren't very good in the snow and ice but the 318i did quite well considering it was rear wheel drive. I have only had the 325 out in the winter once just to see how it did...with TOYO proxes and it sit's very low it did very good. I think that I liked the 318i better because the gas mileage and the 325 was just a toy. But if you have the money to maintain one then I recmend the 325is. But if your a beginner driver and have to pay for gas, insurance, etc then get a 318i.
I bought a 1996 328i in 1999 for $30k.  A beautiful car, with plenty of power.  Handles well at above 100mph, and the five speed transmission is a joy.  It's truly the envy of all my friends.It gets good gas mileage for a gutsy 192 hp 2.8 litre in-line six.  Whoever says that the extra money to upgrade from a 318/323/325 does not have a passion for driving.Can't wait to buy the M3 Convertible and an M5 for fun.
FOR YEARS I HAVE LIKED THE BODY STYLE OF THE BMW'S. EVERYTHING CHANGED AFTER I DROVE A 318 AND 325 AND 525. THESE HAD TO BE THE MOST DISAPOINTING CARS I HAVE EVER DRIVEN. I GOT IN FOR A TEST DRIVE AT THE BMW DEALER AND THE FIRST THING I NOTICED WAS HOW CHEAP LOOKING THE INTERIOR WAS. THEN IT GOT EVEN WORSE. I DROVE IT. ALL THESE DIFFERENT MODELS OF BMW'S WERE SO SLOW I COULDNT BELIEVE IT. I DONT GET WHY PEOPLE WHO DRIVE BMW'S THINK THE CAR IS SO GREAT. THE RIDE WAS GOD AWEFUL. THERE WAS SO MUCH ROAD NOISE I COULD BARELY HEAR THE CHEAP ASS RADIO THAT COMES WITH IT. WHEN I WENT OVER SOME BUMPS I THOUGHT THE CAR WAS GONNA FALL APART. HANDLING WAS A JOKE. THEN I DROVE THE 330CI. SOME THINGS WILL NEVER CHANGE. STILL THE SAME DIRT CHEAP SLOW PIECE OF CRAP THEY ALWAYS WERE. NEVER AGAIN WILL I PUNISH MYSELF BY DRIVING A BMW.
This is a great car, bottom line.  I looked at the 3 Series for years before and it had LOTS of annoying interior features, but the current rev fixes all of them -- one thing you can say for BMW is they listen to their customers and potential customers.  So, now I bought one after waiting for 8 years for them to *really* get everything right, and out of all the sports/sporty cars I've owned this is THE best car.I can't honestly say this about all BMW's -- I'm no Bimmer-freak.  But if you honestly test drive the 3 Series and all of it's competitors, I don't know how you could possibly say any one other car is better overall.  If you can get past your BMW-bigotry (believe me, I had plenty of it) you'll realize this.
Looks Like a Civic! LOL!! Funny how I hear people say an IS 300 looks like a civic when in reality, everytime i see a car that I think is a civic, it's one of those 3 series Hitler mobiles :)  I see another IS on the road and it looks TOTALLY different from ANY car on the road! - This I've also been told by other people. 
Great car.  Bad radio.
Buyer Beware!  BMW 3-series are among the toughest rides around.  I am a car fanatic, especially sports sedans with manual transmissions on the floor.  For a long time I have felt the BMW's to be the best around.  If I won powerball tonight I would order my M5 tomorrow.  They are awesome, tight, refined and classy.      BUT!!! I am not a millionaire.  I can afford a 3-series but i have to work to do it?  I recently test drove one, loved it but the way prices can add up in them is crazy!!!  I have driven the lexus IS 300 (too small and looks like a toyota), A4 (a little sluggish but very nice), S4 (an animal of a car that i feel is a little more value than the 330i because of the difference in pick-up) and the honda S2000 (not a consideration but an incredible drive with the best manual transmission I have ever delt with!)!    There is a new player in town that might be the BMW slayer.  Yesturday I test drove the infiniti g35 for close to an hour.  Oh My God!!  If you are in a BMW, and you come next to one of these, you'd better have an M badge on the back or I suggest you smile and pretend you are turning the radio station and don't even think about it!  This thing is 100% pure animal, and loaded it comes in at $35,000.     This is not a BMW bashing like some of the punk IS writers have included on this page.  The BMW would still be my first choice all things being equal. But they are not and the pure explosion of power the G35 possesses has an M feel to it.  making it something I am now going to wait 6 months for, because the beast I drove yesturday had a tiptronic automatic in it.  I don't even want to think about what the 6-speed (a manual transmission that car and driver calls better than even the Honda S2000 manual) feel like.    This car is crazy fast... take my word for it, if you are in the market you owe it to yourself to give it a try.
Buyer Beware!  BMW 3-series are among the toughest rides around.  I am a car fanatic, especially sports sedans with manual transmissions on the floor.  For a long time I have felt the BMW's to be the best around.  If I won powerball tonight I would order my M5 tomorrow.  They are awesome, tight, refined and classy.      BUT!!! I am not a millionaire.  I can afford a 3-series but i have to work to do it?  I recently test drove one, loved it but the way prices can add up in them is crazy!!!  I have driven the lexus IS 300 (too small and looks like a toyota), A4 (a little sluggish but very nice), S4 (an animal of a car that i feel is a little more value than the 330i because of the difference in pick-up) and the honda S2000 (not a consideration but an incredible drive with the best manual transmission I have ever delt with!)!    There is a new player in town that might be the BMW slayer.  Yesturday I test drove the infiniti g35 for close to an hour.  Oh My God!!  If you are in a BMW, and you come next to one of these, you'd better have an M badge on the back or I suggest you smile and pretend you are turning the radio station and don't even think about it!  This thing is 100% pure animal, and loaded it comes in at $35,000.     This is not a BMW bashing like some of the punk IS writers have included on this page.  The BMW would still be my first choice all things being equal. But they are not and the pure explosion of power the G35 possesses has an M feel to it.  making it something I am now going to wait 6 months for, because the beast I drove yesturday had a tiptronic automatic in it.  I don't even want to think about what the 6-speed (a manual transmission that car and driver calls better than even the Honda S2000 manual) feel like.    This car is crazy fast... take my word for it, if you are in the market you owe it to yourself to give it a try.
very nice looking car. Excellent performance, handling with awd for my needs. No mechanical problems yet.
Very nice car. I love the acceleration and handling, which is what I bought a BMW for. This car is FAST, probably because I've been driving a Saturn. Have yet to test the AWD in the rain or snow, but I haven't read any negative reviews on that. Love the low growl of the engine, sounds a little like a muscle car. I'm glad I bought the 2002 model since the steering is stiff, which they fixed from the previous year. I ordered the Electric Red, Premium Package w/ Gray Leather, and Auto. Exterior rocks, especially the color, which will turn heads. Too many people have Silver or Black. Interior quality is top notch, fit and finish is perfect. Mine came with the Harmon/Kardon sound system with 12 speakers and it sounds sweet. Sounds better than my aftermarket system in my old Saturn. The leather seats are firm and very comfortable. I've only had it for a few days so I can't give a long term review, but if this car won't give me problems then I will definitely keep it for a long long time. The only drawback is that it is expensive, but worth the money.
I LOVE this car.  After reviewing what's out there for vehicles, we chose the BMW 325i.  This was no light decision.  It took us over a year to decide what we want and I am absolutely thrilled with our decision.
I'd like to recommend it to all the young people, all the crazy boys and girls. That's the roght car for all of us ...
I would only purchase this car again towards my retirement, and if I'm rich.  The car is not versatile compared to most cars in this price range or lower.  It simply drives like one of the best.  You can get by with a lower-priced car.It great for your ego, which is why most people purchase it, even though they really cannot afford it.  Though they would not admit it.It can always turn heads as you drive through down town or on the freeway, which is what most BMW owners like.The car handles so well through windy roads that cautions you to take the turns at 15mph.  You can take them at least in 30mph range...safely.Great cars for young drivers or people trying to attract their next life partner. Unnecessary for families or married couples.  If you can afford to fly first-class in your plane trips, this is the car that can fit your budget and style.  If not, why be someone you're not?  This car definitely exudes an upper-class image.
I finaly broke through and bought a 323i after three Accords. I feel like I have died and gone to heaven. Absolutely the best car I have ever driven. Has Black exterior, black leather, sports and premium package. Went for the whole load and glad I did. Can't ay enough about the performance and driving. Now on trips I drive the whole way; used to swap out with my wife after two hours in the Accord (not a bad drive but not fun either). My favorite thing is to ignore the speed limit on curves; apparently they were not for BMWs as it can go at least 30-40 above the posted speed. Tires are like glue; Bridgestone 225/50 Tiranza. Does anyone no how long they will last?Pure fun
Paid 2K over invoice, plus got a decent trade for the Volvo which had been in an accident prior to trade in.  Dealer was Thompson BMW in Doylestown, PA--I mention them because they were fair, attentive and I'm pleased with their service and all they offer. Even sent a referral bonus check to my brother, who referred me to them after buying a used Bimmer from them a couple of years ago.  I was raised by a car dealer and I'm not an easy customer--this car was the easiest and best shopping experience I've ever had. I would definitely recommend this car.  I plan to keep mine a long time.  The luxury package is definitely worth it.  The sport package was not for me and the driving I do, but a lot of other customers love it.  My husband adores the car too (he usually drive a Saab 900 SE).  We are both enjoying it to the hilt!!  I LOVE MY TOY!!!  :)
This was my wife's 325 (95').  It was a very nice sport coupe!  Does not have the acceleration like the 328 we test drove.  But the cornering was great.  Would like more power for the kind of price BMW charges.  Competition has been making quicker cars.  Haven't drove the lastest 330 yet.  
Who on here compared the 3 series (not including the MIGHTY M3) with the Audi S4 and said the   Bimmer kicks its butt???   HELLO!  Have you actually driven a S4? My bro has an Imola Yeloow 2001 Audi S4, while i drive a 1998 M3 -   I can tell you that the S4 and M3 are equals, perhaps the edge going to the S4 cos of the AWD.  A 325is eats my tail lights (and my Dads 2000 REGAL GS) so please get your story straight.  By the way, my M3 is the older 240hp version with a few DINAN upgrades. Runs very strong.
A balanced sports sedan with an F1 pulse that just dares you to push harder. Its in the character of this car, it just teases you to have fun. I'm a former Mercedes gentleman who has become a BMW pilot. I think a car is mostly artwork....its exterior design, its mechanical engineering, its ability to capture attention at rest or at best speed. These things generate auto beauty. This car is Rembrandt, Led Zeppelin and Gurney. Please, do not pass up a drive in one of these.
bmw?? ya, definitley sounds great to most people! for 26k i rather  get an acura tl or lexus is300. This bmw may be a driver's car and it  has a smooth inline 6, but it's horsepower is only 184?? Even some   2002 16k cars have more ponies then this. (just look at the new altima)  true, this bimmer got good looks at that bmw badge, but it don't got the   butter! acura tl's have what?, leather,power seats, cd-changer,225ponies  nice looks, reliability and much much morrre. is300 is also more reliable and   it also drives smoothly and it has lexus quietness and quality. yes, it is more expensive  but it's a lot better then this bavarian puppy. this bmw has so many problems  the money it cost me to fix this car, totaled up to more than the price of this car!  it got a recall for 2001, but there are still squeaks in this car to start a concert!!  CAN U SAY LEXUS AND ACUR
just got my new 330i a few weeks ago.  i love cars and have been around nice cars since i was little.  luxury and sports cars.  this is my first car purchase with my own money so i had to choose very carefully.  ive driven almost every car out there and had found none that match this cars combination of sportiness and luxury.  this car is soo fun to drive and its a joy to just look at it.  i especially love what bmw has done to make an already nice looking car look even better for 2002.  the minor changes made make this car look a little bigger and wider.  i got pretty much everything except auto, nav and heated seats.  i think i got a fair deal...heard some better and some worse.  im just glad that i have the car now and would not trade it for anything.  almost got an audi a4, a6, good cars but not fast enough and doesnt look half as good...also was looking at the lexus' is, es, gs, none of these cars had the complete package and they just dont look so good nor drive as nicely.  the benzo's are not drivers cars although they are nice cars to ride in as passengers. was considering an 5 series bmw but it felt kinda big and less responsive although its a little more luxurious.  all in all the 330i is a practical fun, beautiful, fast car thats totally worth the inflated price.  if you cant afford it then get a lexus or audi. but remember that you'll always feel the you wish you had the bimmer.
After driving this car for over a year and through snow, I feel that I made a good investment. It's solidly built, the suspension is tight and it steers like it was on rails. Another reviewer complained of problems with the clutch, but mine is an automatic/steptronic. No problems with the transmission (or with the car so far). The only complaint I have is that there is a blind spot over your left shoulder that sometimes makes it difficult to see cars passing on your left. Otherwise, the car drives great, and personally I think BMW 3-series should have been the featured on the car chase of the Matrix Reloaded.  The standard sound system is fine, unless you are a real audiophile.
Preminum & Sport packages  I've been reading different reviews for a long time and as an insatiable car nut I finally 'stretched it' and purchased the 330ci exactly two years ago. Wow! Although it is not perfect, I thoroughly enjoy everytime I drive this car. About six weeks agoI was in the northwest Illinois area near Galena and found a great back road of twisties. A beautiful sunny day, sunroof and windows open, no one else on the road, pushing the car harder and harder - I was in heaven...unbelievable. I never get tired of this car.    Since I purchased this car I've driven several others again...G35, A4, S4, A6 2.7T, LS8, etc...All are great cars offering some advantages, but they lack the connection I feel when I drive mine. I might have to break my streak of a new car every 2-3 years, searching for something more satisfying, because I would hate to give this one up (unless it was for an M3, 540, M5)...I'm dreaming...
This is a follow up after 6 years of driving the 325xi. My feelings after six years with the car are decidedly more mixed than when we purchased it new. It remains the best driving car we've ever had, but the increasing reliability problems, mediocre gas mileage (and premium gas requirement), and cost of repairs has us looking elsewhere for our next car. May be a bit like having a bright, fun, great looking spouse who drinks too much and makes a lot of messes. The star rating below doesn't tell the story very well. It is a 5-star car to drive and not unreasonably priced for its highway performance, but a 2 to 3-star car for its glitches and repair costs. A car that drives like this and has the reliability of the Toyotas we've owned (and with good gas mileage and regular gas) would be worth a few more bucks than the 325xi.
I have always aspired to own a compact executive sports saloon . After trying a number of cars like the Volvo S60, Alfa 156 I decided upon the bmw despite its priciness.     The manufacturer's claims that it is the ultimate driving machine are not too far off the mark . The engine is smooth , powerful, whilst ride and handling is top notch .The autotrans is so seamless and good that I seldom have to recourse to using the steptronic even on the steepest slopes.     The feeling that you are in a luxury car comes from the superb insulation and hence cocooned ambience rather than the cabin which is functional but hardly extravagant.     Driver ergonomics are superb though rear space could be better but BMW buyers know that the above is not why you buy this car.     I also like the lengthy 25000 service intervals. Alas this does not always work out in practice as the car has not proved supremely reliable. In under 2.5 years , 4 faults have surfaces.     The power windows have spoilt twice ( the second time I could not be bothered to rectify the front passenger side one ) , the aircon went wonky and currently there is a loud and undesirable reverberation to the car when it is at idle. I am putting up with this till the next servicing as the noise can be reduced by slipping the transmission into 'N' .    Ok, so the car has not broken down on me yet but these niggling issues are off putting. I went in with my eyes open as BMW owners had warned me to expect such things. By comparison my previous car , a Mazda 626 coughed up only one minor fault over 5.5 years.    I would not preclude buying another three series for my next car as it does drive very well but I would keep an open mind as well.One car I would certainly scout before another BMW purchase would be the Lexus IS200 which has a superb reputation for reliability and is cheaper too. I didn't buy it this time round because I thought the 2L engine was a bit underpowered . In Singapore we don't get the 3L version which is a bit of overkill perhaps. If Lexus want to tempt over continental buyers, they perhaps should consider copying Munich and introducing 2.2 L versions of their sports compact.    In the meantime, BMW remains a strongly shortlisted option for the enthusiastic driver.
I am looking foward to buying a BMW 325i or 330i. I now have a 95'G20t, and I can say that I have grown use to the luxury ammenities that came with my current vehicle. It is partially because of this and the love I have for driving a responsive vehicle that has made me interested in purchasing a 3/series BMW, however in doing my homework I find that the high end luxury car market is riddled with gimmicky sales tricks that have so far detered me from making a purchase. My concern was do I lease or rent. I thought about what exactly are the benefits of leasing and I found that the only down side was the mileage cap. The others I had to rethink as plus factors, Like the fact that you only pay the depreciation on the vehicle and that your not paying to own. I had taken a look at my current car deal and realized that financing a used vehicle is for the birds, because depending on your driving habits and your finance term you can end up owning a car that is worth very little if anything at the end of your financing term, Plus you probably will have made or gotten close to making every major repair the care has ever needed. I notice with leaseing if you take good care of you car and watch your milleage it can be a very good thing.  The problem I have with high end luxury sales is that car manufactures like BMW, and Mercedes Benz seem to only be interested in luring customers in for the kill. My opinions are not directed at any dealer(sales person)or dealership persay, but in my research this is what I have found. Cars like the 3 series BMW and the C-Class Mercedes Benz are sticker priced at an attractable price, ranging anywhere from $27,101 to 31,050. The ridiculous part starts with the unbelievable option package rates. You would think the way the standard options read on both of these types of cars that you are only entitled to owning the luxury name tag or badge. A car the starts out around $27,000 and after choosing only the practical options like leather, CD player (w/premium sound) power seats (both passengers) sunroof the the car would remain resonably price. Not so, Both Mercedes Benz and BMW will charge an additional 6 to 10,000 in additional cost just to get what most people would expect to already be in the car. After all these two tags (BMW/Mercedes Benz)have ultimately defined high end luxury with cars sold in America and abroad.
I last wrote on May 22, 2001, about 15 days after I bought my new 2001 325i.  I writing to update on my new car ownership experience.  To date I have put on 15,000 miles on my car (in just 6 months)!  I haven't had the factory scheduled service yet, that will come next week.    The car is still the best one out there in this price range.  (Please see 'Strengths' below.)  I still feel like I got a bargain on my car with all of the options I got on it (Auto, Leather, Premium Package, CD, Metallic Paint, Fold Down Seats).  It's a true driver's car and I wouldn't trade it for anything else.
Just an update to my previous review. The factory stereo is pathetic. Spend the money on the Harmon Kardon or be prepared to upgrade it aftermarket if your an audiophile. The BMW employee in charge of the audio side should be fired. My Xterra has a better factory Stereo system. I guess the Germans don't like music or something. It is sad for a car that retails for $42000. On yeah, the rear passenger speaker is blown. Probably wrecked by the previous owner. Hope BMW covers it under warranty or I'm going aftermarket. I probably will go aftermarket very soon anyway and replace all these speakers. I'm not paying dealer prices to replace any factory POS speaker in it. I'm not an audiophile and usually I'm happy with premium factory stereos, but this is unacceptable for the price of the car. I'll never buy another BMW with a factory stereo. I don't listen to music in the car cause it is so bad I'd rather drive and listen to the engine. Maybe all the speakers go wrecked and I'm unjustly blaming BMW, but I don't think so.
I bought this at a private dealer auction. The long and short of it is that my Aunt is very rich, knows dealer, nuff said.     Best car at the auction in my opinion, and is why I bought it, not becuase it was BMW.    Got it with 11,000 miles. Someone traded it after 11k miles. Guess it didn't do it for them. The NADA book said it should have gone for $37+k. I believe it so I felt I got a good deal on it. Nice thing about an auction is no sales tax, unless you keep it for longer than 6 months. I probably will sell it and I would hopefully make some money and get another car from auction. Maybe try an s2000 at that time. The car was mint, no scratches, dings etc.. Looked new. Only neg of car was no owners manual and only one key!! :( I couldn't believe it when people stopped bidding at 33k. :)     Wonderful car. Not too harsh on the road, not too soft either. Excellent response and feel. After driving it I can see why so many people buy BMW. I don't like being associated in the BMW driver group as most are snobs/posers. But, the car itself is great.    I think the others who put down this car have never owned one. Its a very well rounded performer.     The interior is very nice and although Audi is considered to have very good interiors too, they don't seem to hold us as well under use as the bmw. I've looked at 20-30 used Audis at the auction and the interiors don't hold up well at all. I really wanted an Audi, but sost had something broken or scratched up badly. BMWs were in much better shape even at 70,000 miles. Lexus interiors hold up well, but they seem kind of boring to me, but I wouldn't mind having a Lexus.    I might pay the taxes and keep it. We'll see how it goes. Definitely can do a lot worse than the 330ci.    If you really like the look, style of a BMW and are willing to get less bang for the buck, go for it. I think you can get more for you money with Lexus, with more reliablity. But, I'm really enjoying the 330ci whereas Lexus styling leaves me cold. Lexus is a very competant car yes, exciting, no! (my opinion) Unless you count the 430 which is kinda interesting cool/ugly depending on how you look at it.
Phenomenal road car for those who appreciate nice things.  Is as solid as a brick, no chassis flex.  Ultra quiet and smooth.  No road noise over expansion joints.  Silent climate control that heats or cools the interior without any draft.  Very very fast and smooth acceleration.  Believe it or not, my last car was a M3.  I got tired of rowing through the gears.  I spend alot of time in traffic and the shifting got old.  So I got the automatic which is fantastic.  The sport mode keeps you in the power whenever you need it.  I don't miss shifting and the power is there.  Handling is good, I didn't get the sport suspension because they didn't have one to try.  Perhaps I would have gotten it but I do get around very well in the winter on the skinnier all weather Continentals.  By the way, this car is very driveable in the winter with some added weight in the trunk.  If you love driving and can afford the 330, get it!
Just another follow-up on the two previous reviews I did on my 325i...    I just sold my BMW 325i with a total of 28,000 miles on it after 14 months of use, and bought a new 2003 Infiniti G35. I was driving the car a lot for work, and as you can tell, it shows.    During the last 13,000 (of the 28,000 miles), the car was serviced a total of six times. This was quite a deviation from the resounding review from my last review. Three times was for a rattling driver's window, once for the CD player display that went out, once for the standard service, and once for damage to my car done at the dealership.    While I enjoyed the driving capability of the car, I would not recommend buying a BMW unless you can look past the minor annoyances like squeaks, rattles, and the occasional electrical problems.    If by chance you own a 3-series and do have a rattling driver's window, tell the Service Advisor to look at Technical Service Bulletin 510200 and have the window regulator replaced.
Overall M3 package is stunning - 333hp engine, 6 speed, enhanced suspension and great looking body modifications. New M3 much, much better than previous model.
This is a true drivers car. Handles like a dream and corners like it's on rails.
BMW 330xi Great car!  Holds the road like it was bolted to it.  Stock tires had to go, but after that it is even more impressive the the 97 328 w/ sport pkg.  Would buy another in a heartbeat!
Love this car. its my fathers so i only get to drive in on weekends and dates. everytime i get behind the wheel im blown away
Worst car I have ever owned.  In less than 5,000 miles, BMW has worked on the same problem 5 times and has still not fixed the car.
This car is absolutely perfect (for me, anyway).  It's got ample power, lots of torque, and monstrous brakes (12.8'F/12.6'R!!!).  With the sports package, the ride is firm but not harsh.  The body roll is minimal and the dynamic response is uncanny.  This car isn't for everyone, however.  Luxury-oriented drivers will complain that you feel every bump on the road, where enthusiasts will love its ability for 'reading' the road.  The exhaust also has a nice low rumble to it, and again, one might or might not like it.  Interior space is on the tight side, but it's already better its competitors A4 and IS300 and at least as good as the C class.  The car is just gorgeous to look at.  I always turn back and look at the car several times after parking it.  What is not to like about the car?  It's even good on gas!  Oh, maybe you can whine about there are already too many on the road...
For the cheapest 6 cylinder BMW, this car feels unbelievable. I bought it after looking at the Merc C200 Kompressor and new Audi A4 1.8T.There is no comparison. The BMW feels stronger and better put together and has by far the smoothest engine (It's the most powerful as well).I've only had the car for a short while, but have put on some milage. The fuel consumption (10l/100km) is a bit stiffer than I'm used to.I'm hoping that this will improve a bit as the engine loosens up. Even if it doesn't, it will be worth the xtra for a car this good.
Excellent car.I wanna know how you guys can compare anyyyyy BMW to the lexus IS....the car is a freakin TOYOTA....lexus should be ashamed for thta price you can get a acura TL fully loaded with NAV for $32,000.
Excellent car.I wanna know how you guys can compare anyyyyy BMW to the lexus IS....the car is a freakin TOYOTA....lexus should be ashamed for thta price you can get a acura TL fully loaded with NAV for $32,000.
At $36,610 this car was not easy for me to afford only being 26 yrs old.  Believe me, Im not rich!!!!!!!I have to say though that I don't mind paying the monthly payment - It is worth every penny.  Other than a few minor details, this car is perfect.  I have had it for 6 months now and I STILL look forward to driving it when I go out.  It has the perfect combination of luxury and sport.  It rides like a luxury car, but at the same time you can still 'feel the road' under you as opposed to feeling like your floating.And for those people out there who say the Lexus IS 300 is better....Have you looked at that Guido mobile?????  For God sake, the thing is so freakin gaudy it makes me sick.  Who in their right mind would shell out 30,000+ for a car that a gold chain wearing, Eminem listening teenager would be embarrased to drive b/c it's so tacky.  White tailites, cheesy crome interior......the Lexus factory must be located in Seaside NJ! (If your from Jersey you know what Im talking about).....
Love it.  It's a joy to drive compared to other sports cars like Mustangs, Corvettes, and Eclipses.  The handling can't be beaten in it's price range.  It sports more power than a Porsche Boxter.  Due to the traffic, I ordered the Steptronic.  Although I have been dogged on by friends, I am fairly pleased with the results.  At first VOB didn't take me seriously because of my age, but the salesman was a gentleman speaking to gentlemen.  He threw in the car cover for free and gave me a nice silver key chain as a gift.  I've had no problems with the car (except for the accident in which I was side swiped that definitely angered me).  
I love this car.  Just the feeling behind the wheel is awesome.  Everything, from the low-profile tires to the lighting system.  I pretty much got everything in it... metallic paint, leather, cd, xenon, sport package, premium package, heated seats and alarm.  I had to wait three months for delivery, but it was well worth it.  I didn't test drive one cause I knew the wait would kill me, so I just phoned my order in.  I've only had the car for about a month and I got a flat tire after 250 miles.  Tire was easy to replace, but it cost $200 to replace.  I really can't find a fault in this car in the way it drives.  I bought this car for it's performance and it hasn't disappointed.  
I was very disappointed with customer service at BMW of Fairfax.I was decline to test drive 330i, due to the approaching closing time.Sales people were rude and 'very' unfriendly......due to lack of service from BMW of Fairfax,I ended up purchasing a competing vehicle instead.....(Lexus GS300).
Wonderful drivetrain refinement. There's nothing in the world that can compare to the sound of BMW's straight-six engines - refined when cruising, turning into a full hard-edged mechanical wail when pressed. Well built interior, with smooth controls and a driving position that's spot-on for enthusiastic driving. 
I have owned this sedan for almost 7 months now and driven the car about 8000 miles. I had an initial problem with the emergency brake pin coming loose and causing a rattling noise in the engine. This happened in my first month of owning the car, but since then I have had no problems.From a driver's standpoint, this car is smooth, refined and powerful. The 2.5 L 184 HP engine is more than sufficient especially when you see that the extra 31 HP in the 330 will cost you an extra 7-8K. I have no problems passing on the highway or taking unsuspecting Audis and Acuras off the line. The steering, handling and cornering are unparalleled in driver response. The steptronic I admit is rather useless... I rarely use it because it responds alot worse than a true manual transmission. There is a noticeable lag when upshifting.There is no doubt that BMW created a stylish luxury car here - but what is important to know is that this is a sports car as well. I have yet to see a car manufacturer that has combined these 2 in such a seamless integration. Kudos to BMW for bringing us the 325i!Options:Premium PackageHeated SeatsSilver Metallic PaintLeather SeatsCD Player
My experience with this car has been great.  In my first two weeks of ownership, I've driven this car 1200 miles.  I can't wait to drive it again.  The BMW trademark handling, fit & finish, and features for the money make this car an incredible value.  As an experienced car salesperson, I did a lot of research on the car and the local surrounding car dealerships.  I bought my car at Irvine BMW in Orange County from Mark Cullinane, the best sales consultant I could have asked for.  Irvine BMW gave more for my trade-in, gave me a bigger discount than the San Diego County dealers, and followed through on all their promises.  For any So Cal people out there, it's worth the drive to go to Irvine.I would recommend buying at the bare minimum the following:-Premium Package-Leather Interior-In-dash CD Player-Metallic Paint (especially their silver, gray, or two shades of blue)-(& the Steptronic Automatic for those of us in stop & go So Cal freeway traffic)BMW has a 3 yr/36,000 mi free scheduled maintenance program on all its new cars.  Additionally they provide a free 4yr/50,000 mi bumper-to-bumper warranty, which of all things, includes the replacement of windshield wipers if needed.  The cost of the car to insure did NOT go up dramatically; my cost only went up by $240 per year over my 1998 Honda Accord 4-dr.So if you're looking for the Ultimate Driving Machine, you've found it.  And if you buy the Premium Package and get the free foglamps, you'll save $1000+ over the pre-March 1st prouduction cars.
An ok vehicle, however I think the the perception of BMW is abt to change with all the choices out there?  It seems that merc, volvo and lexus are all going in the right direction.  Its nice to have so much more choices.
This is a very pricey car for 185 hp, but I still recommend paying a few grand more for the 330 convertible (would be almost 50K).  However, with the top town on PCH, you are the king of the road and feel like a million bucks.  If you are trying to cut costs, don't get the xenon lights or the cd changer (you can install one yourself much cheaper).  Definitely get the heated seats, and the premium package for the auto top (if getting the 325).  The sport package low profile wheels look great.  I've heard that I'll have to replace them after 15K miles which is a bummer.
I LOVE THIS CAR! In 7 years I've owned 7 brand new cars - this has to be the best purchase I've made yet.
There was hardly any comparision when it came down to which near-luxury mid-size car to buy. The price I purchased it was out the door including CD, moonroof, xenon lights, auto dimming mirror and climate control. My friends have told me this must have been a mistake on the dealers part because many of their BMW 323i 2000 models were more than that with less options. I guess I got lucky. I test drove the new C240 and that was a great car but the fun of driving was not there. The car just felt too sluggish at times. The interior design was too boxy as well. The IS300 was last on my list. It reminds me of a fixed up Civic. C'mon Lexus! That car just wasn't as eye catching, neither was the engine with the supposed 215hp.And also another note to Lexus, if they're gonna make a sporty sedan please by all means add a manual trans. option. Conclusion: BMW offers the thrill of driving back. I feel like a 16 year old again. The car feels stronger than ever although if my budget would allow, I would have grabbed the M3 coming out soon or even the 330ci. It sucks when you're limited on how much to spend. So far I've been very satisfied with my purchase and the dealership is great too. No hassles. They've been sending me thank you letters twice a week now. It's starting to get annoying. But nonetheless I'm a happy camper.
170 KW M54 engine that found it's way under the bonnet. Brakes are excellent with 325mm front and 320mm rear (Austalia Spec.)The elegant body that has real room in the back for two extra passengers. It's a lesson for any company building a coupe which believes eye-ctaching styling automatically cancels out practicality. 
The car is great!  Smooth & powerful...  practically the same performance as the previous year's 328i...  the steptronic tranny in silky smooth..No complaints on this car whatsoever!!!!!
I find the front look on this model very attracting as a more of a Sports car. The change from the 2003 was the headlights and the front grill being more of a low town look, not needing any additional sports package. the comfortability is super with just the basic but I have the sports and premium package which is a must to get the basic necessitys. I looked into other SUVs and cars that you had to pay extra for, but in the BMW it was all included in the price. With all the extras that you could do to the car, it totalled only about 2000 dollars extra, that couldnt be done unless you special ordered it. So overall the riding and the comfortability and the looks are A+ to 2003.
Excellent car! Handling and feel are far beyond anything else I have driven. I purchased the car after an extensive study of all the cars in this segment (Audi A4, Volvo S60, Saab 9-3 & 9-5, etc). I was determined not to buy a BMW. I changed my mind after the test drive. The price was kept low by not getting a lot of extras (no Premium package, I have leatherette, manual adjustment seats).
This is my first BMW and am just at the 2,000km mark. I noted another reviewer (Gautamde) from NY has has problems with exactly the same car. Happy to say that so far I have no complaints. Car is very solid feeling, quality, smooth to drive (one exception noted below. Only one snow experience, but felt very stable. Mine is black, manual, sunroof, heated seats, fold down back seat. Comes standard with Xenon lights that are wonderful. Stereo is the standard unit and is not as good as the standard one I had in my Toyota 4Runner, but it's ok. Handling is very good, very direct and precise steering. Low effort to drive, good visibility, except backing up. Mirrors seem too small. Driving position comfortable, but headroom a little tight (I'm 6' tall). Dealer experience was very good and lease rate was very competitive. High residual value made my lease affordable. Price shown in Canadian $$. Smooth shifting from 1st to 2nd gear takes very deliberate effort to avoid a 'lurch' feeling. I didn't expect this in a car renowned for having a great manual gearbox. Other shifts (both up and down) are fine.
THE CAR IS A DREAM...I MOVED UP FROM A 98 318I..THERE IS NO COMPARING THE TWO. THE CAR HANDELS LIKE A DREAM..IT IS FAST, AND TURNS A LIKE THE CAR IS GLUED TO THE ROAD. I ADDED THE PREMIUM PACKAGE, SPORTS PACKAGE, WINTER PACKAGE, ,AND THE SELF LEVELING LIGHTS.....EVERY PENNY SPENT WAS WELL WORTH IT. IF YOU WANT TO BE THE ENVY OF YOUR FRIENDS, AND SHOW YOUR WILD SIDE THE 3 SERIOUS WILL GIVE YOU ALL THAT AND MORE!
Pretty good car. drives good, has alot of grunt for a 3 ltr, i like the m3 convertible alot more but didnt buy it because it had some problems with suspension so ichose the 330i instead. a little cramped in the rear but expect that from most coupes. the soft top is great. very good and sturdy soft top. hardtops are heaps better and apparently you can get them installed which is good. currently looking for a hardtop installer. the seats are very comfy and the screen is very big in the middle of the console (the lcd) its the biggest out of all my cars and i have 11 cars.   all up a think its a bit of a girls car but anyway...but what am i to say its the least powerful car i got im used to driving cars that will do 1 - 100 km/h in 4 seconds +..
Dealer service to notch in Australia. Best car for economy and performance balance, looked at a 325i but lux. tax in Australia is 50%(!!!) over a price of around US30,000 so would have been over US$9000 dearer for the six version (will put it towards next 3 series in 2004/5 ish). One of the best compact euro cars around
We've had the chance to make three long trips with the 325xi since we bought it in October.  Its stability and comfort on the highway are better than anything we've tried.  The seats are a dream.  If you're a fan of a soft ride, this won't be the car for you.  The suspension is firm, but not harsh, giving good road feel and absolutely no sway or roll on fast corners.  The car is also very maneuverable in tight parking or rush hour jams.  Mileage has been about 17 in town and 25/26 on the highway with 92 octane/alcohol-free gas--not the best, but tolerable.  The new 2.5L in-line six can really sail if you need to, but it doesn't seem to get 'busy' at any speed.  The difference in price between this car and a comparably equipped Camry, Audi A4, or Passat 4-motion made the choice an easy one.  We passed on the Mercedes 230 because rear-wheel drive doesn't seem to cut it during our winters.  My wife is the primary driver--she wanted a compact car, but also wanted a vehicle that she felt safer in, especially in winter, and one that had an aura of high quality.  This car is not cheap, but is definitely an example of getting what you pay for.               
I purchased the car three three months ago and it drives great.  However, I'm very dissapointed by the number of times i have to take the car in for services to fix rattling noises, stuck window, and transmission problems.  Perhaps, I got a lemon, but how come there so many BMW lemons out there.  For the price we're paying, why can't BMW make cars as reliable as Toyota and Honda?  Though the car is nice, I certaintly wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless you have the time, patience and monety to be visiting the service department every month.  I have better things to spend my time on.
really dissapointed this time, thinking going back to 5 series with more punch (540i) but have to consider dealer service and that the life span of actual model is too short.
Definitely go w/ a 5-speed w/ the 325.  Puts the power where you need it.  If possible, get the sport package (great handling and 17' wheels), and premium package w/ the xenon headlights.  Remember, the dealer does all the servicing for 3yr 36K miles, which includes the oil change, clutch, brakes, etc, except for tires and battery.  How can you go wrong???? 
First, let me assist a fellow Bimmer driver: Hey SUNCHIRO, you should take a look at your owner's manual! The trunk release is located directly above the hood release, which is on the driver's side kick panel. Also, the average speed readout can be found by pressing the button at the end of the directional stalk. This button will scroll through your clock, average speed, fuel economy, temperature, miles remaining before fuel runs out, etc. All these items will be displayed dead center in your dashboard's guage cluster.And now, about the car: As usual BMW has produced another outstanding engine. The new 3.0 liter inline six has to be experienced to appreciate just how much better it is than the typical V-6s and 4 cylinder engines. The power is available almost immediately from launch and continues to pull the car all the way through red line. All this power is produced with the type of smoothness normally reserved for the 8 cylinder power plants. But don't worry, BMW has tuned the exhaust on the 330 to allow that powerful growl to reach your ears and keep you in touch with the engine.Thankfully, the brakes have been upgraded to help bring this extra power (and extra weight) back in line. But, while these two upgrades (engine and brakes) bring an increase of sportiness to this car, there are other changes which have decreased the fun factor. Though this car can still outperform it's competitors, it has definately gone soft when compared to it's ancestors. There is more body roll than I ever could imagine a BMW having. BMW also decreased the amount of roadfeel which had always been the intangible quality that set BMW above the rest. And the decreased feel is also experienced in the clutch, it's too springy and it's tough to learn it's engagement point.I must admit however that some of the 'softness' has been welcomed by me. The interior, while less sporty, has improved in comfort and style. The leather, wood trim, and overall ambiance of the interior is remarkable. There are too many 'luxury' features to list, but some of my favorites are the Xenon lights, rain sensing windshield wipers, automatic dimming rearview mirror, and the onboard computer.If your looking to go from A to B in style, comfort, and luxury, you'll probably appreciated what BMW has done to their 3 series machines. If your an enthusiast, like me, you might be a bit disappointed by the softening of BMW's sporty 3 series. With so many Lexus and Infinity type luxury cars available, I'm not so sure why BMW is giving up their superiority in their niche and heading more towards the mainstream. Hopefully the trend will stop.With a set of sway bars and stiffer springs the 330Ci is near perfect. I'm giving an overall rating of four stars cause I feel that BMW could have delivered all of the improvements without going 'soft'. They have fallen just short of perfection. And like I said, a few performance upgrades and the car is a true enthusiast's machine.
Overall,this is one great car and it adds lots of fun when you're trying to get from point A to B, in style. I got mine for around 37000. BMW has great customer support, so won't have to worry about your car at all. If you're someone who is looking for a car that looks good and cool and at the same time giving you the rush everytime you get into it, welcome to the club. Watch the speed though, coz' it goes up so fast when you're dragging and pushing that steptronic. Really envy those dudes in Germany and that Autobahn thing. Damn 
this car SUCKS! i will not recomend it to anyone my dog even hates trhe car she will not go in it she likes the GMC suberban do not bye this car if u buy a car get  a chevy i have had the best luck with them. bmw's just SUCK DONT GET ONE!!!!!!!!!
The other auto considered were the CLK which is NOT a sports car and the Jag XK8 which felt like a P.O.S. Needed a back seat so the Porche was out. If you want a true driving machine that is a convertible then this is the one
I hope you don't get a lemon, cuz that would be really bad.  Wait a few years and let the new 330i ferment a bit, at least until they get rid of the obvious bugs.  You could probably get an awesome 97 740 iL for the same price and command the road.  But hey, its still a BMW so I guess it at least gets three stars.
I couldn't find any other manufacturer that had a car that was even in the same class as the BMW.  Certainly, there was nothing that provided this kind of blend of performance, style, quality, and even utility.  BMW has suceeded in producing a 4-door sedan that is a true Sports Car - there are others that come close - but none actually completely succeed.The performance is stellar.  The engine provides tremendous power off the line and also at high speeds, I just can't find a dead spot anywhere on this engine.  This is an engine that provides 'muscle-car' exhiliration while providing the unmatched smoothness that only can be found on a BMW in-line six.  But it's about more than power!  This car sticks to the road like it was glued down.  It remains balanced, predictable, and composed no matter what you tell it to do.  It's impossible when you're driving this car to believe that it weighs over 3,300 pounds.  It feels more like a light two-seater than a fairly heavy compact sedan.  I've driven much smaller cars that don't feel this light and agile.Looks and quality!  This car is beautiful.  The exterior lines are extremely sporty but fluid and attractive.  Interior appointments are extremely driver oriented, but suitably comfortable also.  Everything is in the right place.  Nothing feels cheap or flimsy.  The interior is perfectly executed.  The car just screams QUALITY.  I've never seen a higher level of fit and finish.  It does not have a huge back-seat, but it's more than adequate for most people.This is simply the best car I've ever owned or driven.
I love this car! This car is so smooth that when I'm going about 80-90mph on the freeway it seems like you are gliding! I wish I had a stick though. But the Auto tranni is just as awesome! Although I like this car a lot I'm thinking of trading up to a 540i in a couple of years. But if you are wheeling to pay $40k this car is for you! The Ultimate driving machine is the perfect slogan!
I got my car 2 months ago.  It was great riding for the first few weeks.  You can become one with the road.  But then I had a faulty diverter valve.  To the shop it goes.  Then a phase inducer problem.  Again to the shop.  Then a multiphasic field detector went out of alignment.  Followed by a destabilization of the coil emitters in the secondary hull.  After a brief period of a week of fun driving again, the transmission died.  Then the non-masking interrupt line went bonkers.  Then the secondary L2 cache.  Then an antimatter inbalance causing a shift in the continuum.  This is scary stuff!  I can't wait to get back into my Accord.
I ended up not buying the 3-series and opted for a one year used Saab 9-5 SE.  The 328 was faster and handled better but I just got a whole lot more for the price on the Saab.  Besides, not too offend anyone who owns a BMW because I totally understand why people love driving them (in terms of handling and feel), the 3-series has too much yuppie baggage attached to it.  In Chicago, every garage near Jackson and LaSalle is filled to the brim with 328's.
Paid 32,000 for base model with cd changer in the trunk and I'd pay that much again and again for any BMWs. Recommended to all the people out there who enjoys a smooth and comforting ride with a soild feel and perfected...everything. Very..VERY nice car.
as I said I paid 40K, but it was well worth it.  It drives just as good as my M5 (except speed).  It totally blows away the IS200 & C230.  This car is a one-of-a-kind.If you want a thrill when you are driving the 328ci is the way to go.  Of all my BMW's this is the most exciting.
I bought this car in Germany, paid no taxes and had it shipped for free. Flaming red, 5 speed, black interior, wood trim, moonroof and sport package all for just $26,625. I know not everyone will get it for near that price but it's a long story. Bottom line, I love it. Handles like a friggin Mclaren, refined interior, awesome brakes and superbly engineered. It is NOT a muscle car. It has enough ponies to make it fun, and if you drive well, you can take any other 6cyl off the line. The 328ci cost $5K more and you only get 25hp and bigger brakes? Not worth it. It drives the same at 30mph as it does at 100mph. I didn't finish the break-in before I had to leave germany or I would have found 128 to be just as smooth. Highway speeds are almost undefineable, 5th gear roll-on is very swift, I have 'accidentally' reached 95 a few times while passing. I ordered the mudguards from BMW to protect the paint and installed them myself, they really don't look half bad. Also tinted all windows with Formula1 35% premium film, BIG difference in glare and AC efficiency(this is Tucson). Had to replace the battery the first week I had the car, I think this is due to the rush delivery I asked for, I think the car was sitting for very long time in Munich. The sunroof headliner fell off the track at about 2100 miles, the dealer will replace the brackets with an improved set, I guess this is a common problem. The only other complaint I have (albeit a short list) is with the electronic throttle. There is a slight hesitation when closing the throttle, which led to some rough shifts until I got used to it. Knowing our german friends, this is probably by design for one reason or another but I still don't like it. If you want a car that drives better than anything that costs less than a house, this is it. If you buy, get the sport package at a minimum. The ride height and wheel size really make it a different animal, and you never have to buy wheels or springs, ever. If you get it in red, be prepared to turn some heads, especially those heads wearing police hats, it just looks like you are speeding with those 17' wagon wheels spinning away. 5 stars!
I am totally in love!  This car has everything I ever want . . . and more.After I read a preview article on the new coupe, I ordered a silver (charcoal interrior) one with a stick and all the options except GPS.  Picked up the car 3 month later and was immediately in love.  The coupe has body curves and lines like no other.  It's sexy yet conservative.  With the Sport package, it's even a bit aggressive.  My girlfriend hates it b/c it gets lots of attention. The drive is like a dream.  You are in constant communication with the road (so is your back if w/ Sport Pkg).  Where ever you point, it goes without a squeek from the super-glue like tires.  Stopping power is simply awesome.  You don't have to worry about hitting the car in front of you.  You've got to worry about the car behind you.  The 2.8L engine doesn't deliver power like the muscle cars of Detroit, but it does deliver and deliver smoothly.  Its inherent German performance is best appreciated on a smooth, long, curvy stretch of country hwy without speed traps or road signs.ABS, traction ctrl, solid structure, and six airbags make me feel very safe.  I did get into a hwy accident in an unexpected winter storm.  Bent the hood, broke a light assembly, and not a scratch on the bumper.  The hood and the light was all that needed replaced.  The other cars needed lots more fixin'. absolute pleasure to drive.I also like all the options you can order and play with.  The HK stereo's speed sensitive self adjusting thang is a bit annoying, but liveable.  Automatic rain sensor is great to have when you're too busy rubber-necking.  Also the park distance control is really helpful when backing up.All in all, its a great car to own.  It's kind of pricy and there are other choices out there with less $$$, but you can't really match the ownership experience of a genuine BMW.
I'd have to recommend a radar detector cause this car can pick up speed in a heartbeat. It is a pretty expensive car with option I got (premium and spor package, HK stereo system w/ CD, and xenon head lights). Around 35K. But it's hella worth it. LOVE THIS CAR! Atleast so far!
I paid $31,610 + tax on 15 Feb 00 for the 2000 BMW 323i Sedan equipped with the following options: Sport Package, Leather Trim, Heated Power Front Seats, Metallic Paint and CD Player.  I highly recommend the BMW to those who truly enjoy pushing a car to its handling limits.  This car is a thrill to drive every time you get behind the wheel.  
I would definitely recommend this car to everyone, especially for those who are looking for a luxury car but not willing to spend $50,000.  I purchased the premium package.  My only regret is not purchasing the sport package and xenon lights. The sport package is a must!  Don't bother with the 328i because the $6,000 price increase is definitely not justified!  The 328I is only equiped with 24 more horsepower.  Beside a little more  horsepower, noone can tell the two apart. I purchased the steptronic shifter which is also a nice toy to have. In short, love the car!!!
Overall an excellent car, but a little pricy. It's still worth it if you love to drive. I have never driven anyting as fun.I test drove the A4, S40 and Passat. Non of them compair.The car seems to beg to be driven, the engine purrs when you hit the gas and seems to whine when you coast.BMW need to work a little on comfort, reliability and design a better view of the road.Also I should add I have a base car no extra.Definte must is the sports package, I guess I'll get it nexttime. 
Most of my review is summarized in the weaknesses section.  BMW has really let me down on this one.  I still read a lot of great reviews for this car so I think I may have gotten a lemmon.  I have my good days and bad days with this car.  If the stinking thing would just work like it's supposed to I would be much happier.  
Paid $31900, The car is just gorgeous, thought about the 328Ci but could not justify the extra $6k.  The 330Ci would be nice too but at least $8k more.  The best handling car I have ever had.  Did have a clutch problem early on but dealer replaced entire clutch.  Have the sport/premium pkg and it is a must. My car is white with tan interior leatherette - don't buy the leather as the leatherette fools everybody.  Have to clean wheels all the time for brake dust.  Radar detector a must - car quickly gets to 80+ and I told dealer speedometer was off, they checked it and it was fine, incredibly smooth at high speed.  No tickets....yet..... be careful.
Highly recommend if you like to have fun while driving.  Truly the 'ultimate driving machine'...no kidding!  The best steering response BY FAR of any car in its class.  Incredibly smooth (autoshift) transmission.  Powerful and smooth 6-cylider engine.  Great handling and a nice ride too. Mercedes, Audi and the Japanese cannot compare in driveability.  Incredibly comfortable and supportive seats.Each time I am in the market for a new car, I give the competition a thorough test drive.  But, over the last six years, BMW has won my affections in a landslide each time.Pretty good value at mid-$30,000-range, but perhaps a bit overpriced (the Japansese provide more useful features for less money, albeit without the perfomance).A must buy if you love to drive.  If you prefer features to driving, buy and Acura or Lexus, but if you want the 'Ultimate Driving Machine,' look no further than the 3-series BMW.
I definetelly recommend this car, with sport packaged and stickshift. Also radar detector recommended!
$41k; Fun and Acceleration worth every penny paid, nothing else beats this at this price; forget gas prices. Make sure to get the sports and luxury package to make the car what it is suppose to be or else you will regret it. If you are worry about dings, gas prices, insurance or unexpected repairs, then this isn't the car for you. If you can pay for all of those, then you know you can afford the next model..
Paid around 37K (ouch!), with some dealer gouging. However, I think that this ultimate driving machine is just as advertised. With amazing handling in good weather combined with a great engine, this car is a tough one to beat in the road. It was worth every penny. I'm just annoyed at myself for not having the patience to wait for the new 330i, which I will surely test drive when it comes out. Till then, I suppose the 2.8 liter engine will have to do. :-) 
35,433
This is an expensive car when you get most of the options as I did (sport package, premium package, HK, Xenon lights). But the car is just so fun to drive. Its quick from a dead stop and I'm sure it would feel great at higher speeds if it wasnt limited to 130. The brakes stop quickly. I havent had any problems with this car at all in the over 2 months I've had it. I would recommend a radar detector, as it's too easy to speed in this car. This car is still relatively new, and I've yet to see a duplicate of my car on the road. And I see a lot of BMW's on the road where I live. The controls on the steering wheel are great also. You definitely have to read and then re-read the drivers manual, as there are a lot of tricky features with the car. I believe, as I'm sure a lot of new 3 series owners do, that this is one of the best cars out there right now. For all around performance, looks, and comfort, this car cant be beat. 
2000 BMW 328Ci 5sp manual w/xenon,leather,moonroof,skibag,cdplayer,bmw alarm color:black/black aluminum trimpaid 1500 over invoice + dest charge + advertising feeI should have gone to carorder.com, oh well got free cdplayer and bmw floormats anyways.  I also get a free car loaner if car is serviced.  I paid a lot for the car but it makes me smile every timei go through twisted roads, off ramps and merges.  I fantasize about driving the 2001 M3 now.  The 323/325 isa much better value but would have constantly thought aboutthe 328.   For a little more the bmw 330Ci will be available by September 2000 also a better value.
Silver with Black Leather interior.  I paid $35,000 for it fully loaded.  It's the best car I've driven.  Period.  I get LOTS of attention in it too!  You can't go wrong with this car!  
I used to drive a tricked-out Golf GTI VR6 before I  got the BMW. I was heartbroken when i sold it, but the BMW 323i is like heaven on earth. All the reviews you read in the magsis 100% true, not to mention the head-turning you get from this car. I LOVE IT !!!
Worth Every Dollar
If your idea of fun is getting together with the investment club to discuss the stock market, you will like the larger BMW's with their refined ride. If you prefer the stock market on the internet, and can even secretly admire the sound of a Harley, you will love the 328 series cars. BMW Car Club of America has a great organization, incredibly devoted owners, and fun events at major race tracks around the country. If you love to drive, you will love this car.
I would strongly recommend this car to someone who is looking for a sporty car. Someone who really like to have fun when driving. This car handles great, and looks great too. I chose to get it in Topaz Blue Metallic with a Grey Leather interior and the Sport Package. The combination is strikingly good looking.
For anyone interested in the 3 series coupe, I recommend paying more and getting the 330Ci in Manual Transmission or if you can pay the dealer mark-up, the very hard to find, difficult to wait for, 2001 M3.  Trust me, these cars are well worth the money and for what you get, they will hold their popularity and style far into this decade.
Absolutely lousy dealer support with Konz in Luxembourg and with a BMW dealer in Basel, Switzerland. An insult considering the brand and the car price.The crappy radio spoils much of the fun.A good Autobahn tourer, driving pleasure is somewhere else...Smooth and soft heavy car, if this is what you want you may be happy with BMW. I am not.There are lots of cars in this price range, 328 is just one of them.
This is the second time I placed an opinon on this site.  My last comment consisted of complements to great lengths.  This time is a little different.  After using the vehicle for some time, I've noticed that my complaints and dissappointment grew.  Starting with the bottles of coke popping out of the cup holders to the sun wipsers that touch my head when pulled to the side.  And the wisers don't cover the sun sometimes.  My window broke with no warning.  It doesn't move now.  The trunk makes a funny squeaking sound everytime it opens.  The remote key entry system doesn't unlock the doors sometimes nor does it always work with opening the windows.  The switch for the wipers goes up and activates the wipers everytime I start the ignition.  The door does not unlock when I turn the ignition off like Toyotas and Cadillacs do.  What if you have a accident and your locked inside?  You can't even reach the locks so it's impossible to unlock it manualy.  The list continues and is growing.  $36,000...is that really a good price for a car such as this?  Even the prices for the extra accesories, that I got, cost too much.
The biggest weakness with the car is a fundamental flaw in the car's engine. For some reason, gas purchased in the US fowls the fuel injectors resulting in a loss of compression in the engine. I have had this problem for 30 months and BMW's repeated attempts to address the issue have failed. The problem is intermittent and when the 'engine' light is on, the car has extremely poor exceleration. It also seems to consume more gas. A service tech at Global Imports told me that this is a problem they are having specifically with this model and for some reason it is not happening in the European version. I have made 4 failed attempts to repair the car and have complained endlessly to Global and BMW. On three occasions I left messages with Global and once with BMW North America with no responce. The service rep who told me about the origin of the problem gave me a number to call and I actually got a person on the line. He was of no help what so ever and just said, when it happens again, bring it in. Another thing that is unbelievable, given the price of the car, is that the majority of dealers do not give you a loaner if you did not buy the car at their dealership. In other words, you can have a repeating problem like this and have to rent a car for several days while the car is being 'repaired'.I rarely get back to Atlanta these days and I have yet to find a local dealer willing to give me a loaner. When I asked the BMW rep if he could make sure that I get a loaner if I am out of town when this happens, his responce was that this is up to the individual dealers. BMW Corporate could (or would) do nothing about this. As a result, the car spends vertually all its time at Global on those occasions when I do get back to Atlanta. Is this any way to run a car company? I left the same BMW rep a message last week asking for an address so I could send a written detailed complaint to their corporate offices. Needless to say he never called me back. I guess if you ignore something long enough it will go away. In fact, in my case, they are correct. I had a 3 year lease on the car and it is up in 3 months. As a result, I guess I am going away, permenantly. I will never purchase anything from BMW again. It sounds as if they need to do a recall on the 535i. Given the economy, I am sure they will not be doing so. Buyer be ware, you have been warned.
This is a great car. Fast, smooth, powerful, good stereo. I love the I Control system. I get better mileage than advertised and I am a somewhat agressive driver. I average 23-24 mpg, more when highway driving.
EXCELLENT WELL BALANCED VEHICLE. BEING AN AUTO ENTHUSIAST I TRADED A 2007 530XI FOR THE NEWER ENGINE. THE CAR IS PHENOMENAL. IT IS FAST BEYOND BELIEF. 6 CYL. @300HP IS ALMOST UNHEARD OF. THERE IS VIRTUALLY NO TURBO LAG AT ALL. THE ONLY DOWN SIDE IS I GAVE UP SOME ECONOMY BY GOING FOR THE 535. OTHER THAN THAT. THE CAR IS GREAT.
This is a very nice car. It is fast and powerful, quiet and comfortable even at high speed with very smooth automatic gearbox. It is fitted with good stereo and good front seats. The fuel economy suffers in city and in cold conditions but the car will do just fine on long journeys and cruising on highways and motorways. The two only real drawbacks for me are cars interior design with shabby materials used for console, switches and rear wheels drive which takes some time to get used to in poor driving conditions and doesn't handle snow and ice very well (despite all the electronic aids). On the other hand the real wheels drive and handling can be also the cars strongest point against main rivals when used in normal conditions. It is simple as that: 'If you want comfortable car for winter conditions with great interior design and feel go for Audi Q for everything else BMW is a king'.
This car is a great value for the money. Smooth engine, tight suspension and great gas mileage. I drove a '99 528 for 4 year and really liked it. I've had this car since June '03 and I've put 16K miles on it and haven't had any problems.
$30,900 used w/ warranty.  Car has 67K miles and is in great shape mechanically, good cosmetically (a few very small dings and chips)I would recommend this car to anyone who wants great performance and four doors and who can give up a little comfort and space in return.   It's definitely an enthusiast's car.  It's more 'logical' to buy an Acura and pocket the other $25,000, but if you have the money, enjoy.We were shopping 528's but couldn't find a good used one, so we went up a level and found that these were usually in better shape.  Probably because their owners could better afford to take care of them and were more respectful of what they had.   The power is fun, but you really have to watch yourself. This car entices you into driving through traffic like it's standing still.   You can punch it and be passing someone at 110mph and not even realize it.  
In my previous review (see below), I mistakenly put the year as 1996. In fact I have a 1997 (new style) 540i which I got in 1996.
Before shopping for a BMW, go to the Mercedes dealer.  That way the salesman will seem downright hospitable by comparison.  If you buy the car and decide not to get the service contract, or think you will drive it past the service contract, prepare to feel like your divorce attorney was a bargain (add in alimony and child support, and you'll still feel like you got off easy).  Servicing a BMW makes you feel like you have a gun to your head.  However, the driving experience is addictive.  People ask me what I think of my 528 and I compare it to heroine.  You are immediately addicted but you'll have to sell your television to keep it up.  BMW and their service garages are about as sensitive as a Teutonic Dominatrix.  If you have a payment of $700-800, plan on an average monthly cost of ownership around $1200-1500, or you are going to be very negatively surprised.  To expect any less is childishly naive.  If you can't afford (or wisely decide it's a waste of money) to spend $1200-1500 per month to drive it, don't test drive it, because if you test drive it you'll buy it.
I searched for several months after I narrowed my search down to an E36 M3, waiting for an E46 M3, or an E39 540i/6-speed. I love the 540 more every time I get in it.Here is my opinion on some of the common complaints that I heard in my research:Cup holders - these are marginal. I am constantly throwing containers that don't fit snugly out on corners and while accelerating.Interior Storage - Now that I am used to putting my stuff in the door and not in the console, I have no complaints. There is a surprising amount of room in the doors.Interior wind noise - Minimal - if you are getting any, try closing the moonroof cover (or whatever you call that thing). If that fails, try using door sealer treatment as recommended on bmwtips.com.DSP Stereo - I like mine and think that it is worth the $1200. However, if your name is Billy-Bob or Cleetus and you want to rattle the neighbors windows, then save your money and get an aftermarket upgrade. For the rest of us, the DSP is more than adequate.6-speed - Some say that it is hard to shift smoothly. All I can say is that they must need to practice driving a manual. I have never actually owned a manual before, and I don't have a problem with it. And, no, I don't slip the clutch excessively. Also, it is not bad in stop and go traffic - as I was led to believe.Mileage - I get 19 mpg in town and 26 on the road. Not bad for a 4.4L V-8.Unsporty looks, doesn't turn heads. Personally, I love the understated looks. What percentage of 5 series owners want to attract attention?My next car... M5... if I can afford it! Otherwise, I'll get an e60 (the next generation 5 series, due out in 2003) with a V-8 (545i???)
Paid $37,500 Certified Pre-driven.  If you are looking for a 4-door performance sedan that is a wolf in sheeps clothing, you will love this car. You can't touch this kind of performance and handling in Mercedes unless you want to pay $50,000+ for the E55.  
$32,500 with Premium package and only 16,000 miles on it. In Southern California, it's a great price. It is a '97 though, so it's pricey.  CAme with premium package, sunroof, etc.  I had a 2000 528 on loan from the dealer, it was a noticibly better car and slighly faster with 5 speed auto instead of four speed. I would recommend this car only to those with extra money available to enjoy this toy. Why shouldn't this be a great car when it lists for over $40,000 when new? 
The BMW 528i is a good car but it has the potential to be the great car. It drives and rides very well but the quality of some components are not up to par for cars in the luxury division.  And the annoying squeaks, that alone is enough to bring this car to the level of an economy car.I can recommend the car for its performance, but for us this may be our first and last BMW.  If we want a quality car we will buy another Mercedes.
Some of the problems and quirks I described are minor, others are not. Taken together, these problems and quirks have made ownership of this car somewhat frustrating. For a car of this cost, I believe ownership should be an absolute pleasure -- for me, this has NOT been the case!
Overall, unimpressive. The reliability was awful. I could not quite understand how a vehicle purportedly from a luxury marque could have such abysmal reliability. The seat belt anchor broke in my first *month* of driving it (from new!). I could not believe how much engine oil it consumed. It's air conditioning and heating broke down after about 90K kms. Serivce costs were absurd, matched only by the condescending attitude at just about every dealer I tried. To say the least, after enduring in for 5 years, I ditched it and swore off BMW's for life. I shall stick with Infiniti and Lexus products which offer superior performance and way better value
The more I drive this car, the more I fall in love with it.  The perfect mix of power, design, quality and luxury.  I got 17' Italian rims on it (245/45x17-front, 255/40x17-back), so now it looks even more amazing.  I get people turning heads all the time- I never thought nor intended this, but there you go.  It is the little details, millions of them, that make you love this car! Genuinly driver's car!
Exhilirating driving experience that never fails to put a smile on my face. If you know cars or if you have owned different car makes in the past such as, Honda, Toyota, GM, Nissan, etc, you would immediately recognize high quality the instant you shut the door of your BMW.  As you sit in the 'Cockpit', you feel so isolated from the outside world. You look around and there is everything you need to DRIVE, NOT Feast with your friends along with your 230 personal belongings, that's why the car has minimal storage space and practically no cup holders. Yes the engineers who designed that machine knew how to design a $20 dollar cup holder, but I can sincerely say that I dispise the fact that a drink should interrupt my driving experience, let alone the coffee and soda spills that it may leave behind.  On to the meat and potatoes, the engine of this vehicle growls when pushed, even at hight speeds, the steptronic M/S will suit your driving style even if Michael Schumacher himself drove it. The bumps on the road suddenly dissipate. This car does indeed have a soul, yes, you do actually feel that it understands you, not in a creepy way but in a precise adaptive way, it starts to adjust to your style, from seats to steering wheel, to mirrors to heat control to transmission agression to rear view mirror adjustment, etc...Now who wouldn't like to be understood??  The highway ride is sliky smooth, the night visibility is awsome, headlights are bright, and the car is so stable you actually feel like you're on a disney monorail.  On city streets, it cries for attention, and it is true that some drivers do get agitated or even maybe intimidated by it.    The braking is very responsive, the stereo (on mine anyways M sport) is crisp and clear with a lot of bass. The seat are extremely comfortable but not the cadillac feather type, I love em. The butt warmers are a bliss especially up north. The steering is firm, and some may consider it stiff, but you can adjust. Acceleration is phenomenal, It sure feels like a lot more than 225 horses, maybe it is, who knows, wink wink. As far as quality goes, I am not expecting much to break on the car but i've been told that repairs are somewhat costly, not something I'm not prepared for. It always goes back to the saying 'Pay me now, or pay me later'  A BMW was not even a consideration when I was looking, but man o man, as soon as I drove it, I transformed into a hyper active Juan Pablo Montoya, honestly. This car begs you to push it and exhibit your driving skills. It does correct your little driving imperfections and turns you into a young wild person again. If you perfer to coast it and glide through the city street, it also lets you.   Yes I do take the long way home now, I do take advantage of every opportunity to drive anywhere, and I stare at the car several times a day. I have had nice cars before and they were not much cheaper than a BMW but as for driving experience, they don't come close.  If you're sitting on the edge, wondering whether to buy a BMW or another brand, I can tell you this, GO DRIVE A BMW and the decision will be made for you.
Amazingly wonderful car! The engine is silky smooth and looks are truely classic. Most simplistically elegant interior I've seen in any car.
this is the 4th BMW I have owned in the last 2 years. I am a car enthusiast and after trying nice fords and toyotas I wanted a 'luxury' car. I started this journey with a 325i loaded with almost all the options, then I added a z3 copue to the mix. I sadly sold them both when I was considering purchasing a new home. I traded them in for a 99 528i 5 speed. I was sort of settling. It was a great car and got awsome mileage but it didn't inspire me. So the opportunity came for me to purchase a 540i 6-speed. I test drove it for a day. It was a difficult decision to make the 'jump'. but now I have and there is no looking back. All i can say is that it it all the luxury of the 528 and way more power than the Z3 coupe. I know I will be happy.
Great car. This is our 3rd bmw. After owning a 3-series, a 528 modded to nearly 500HP, we decided with 'all the kids' in the house that a 'normal BMW' was in order.    I live in a busy area, San Jose / Silicon Valley, CA. I wouldn't trade the 6-speed in for the world. It's incredibly responsive. Yeah, I've driven the M5, which is a rocket, but the 540 with a couple of dinan (www.dinanbmw) mods can turn your car into 'what was that...' as you cruise by.    Our car has every package, including the M-Technic suspension, M-steering wheel, cold weather package, heated seats, and park distance control, among sport/premo package. With the fold down rear seats, I believe the trunk is bigger. Our E39 528 couldn't hold my subwoofer and our stroller, but our 2002 540 with fold down seats seems to hold all of it and 'then some...' without problems and having the kids strapped into their car seats in the back.    Very quiet car. We changed out the muffler, as this V8 can really growl if you want that. Like mods? Our car looks like an M5, and man do we get the looks (front and rear spoilers / wheels,etc).    Other reviewers are correct. We bought a radar detector, because you literally don't realize you're driving 85mph+ in a 65, it feels 'correct' - I suppose it's the engineering, safety, and overall ride quality that allows these cars to feel like they are floating on air (not like a big lincoln town car....).     Great pick up, but this car is geared way to high - meaning you can be in 6th gear cruising at 85mph, and the tachometer is sleeping at 2700rpm. I'm switching out the stock 3.15 gears to a 3.45, which adds about 9.5% torque on the low end, so now we'll really hit 0-60 in around 5.4 seconds, just off an M5 (a 5.3 - 5.4 time is a total of 10ft of difference, so 10 feet between me and and M5 from 0-60 isn't going to kill me, it'd probably make the M5 wonder how I stayed so close!)    Great car, we are hooked for life on the big engine series....only weakness, you wanna feel the torque, so we tend to drive hard....and it's expensive to maintain - thank god for .com ownership!
Traded in my 97 528I and leased this loaded 530I - what can I say other than it's pure bliss in every aspect. I'm 35 years old and all I can say is this....from saftey, quality, performane...sound system,..everything....for me no other car is worth having for equal moneys and you're a fool if you think anyone can do it better than the Germans.
Having paid only $7,000, with 99,000 miles in 2002, I feel like it's been fairly good choice. The car had been well maintained and was (and still is in outstanding condition). The car has a timeless look of class. Though it is an older body style, it still looks like a high value car vehicle.
This car is euphoric to drive, probably because I like going fast.  The 6 speed with 280+ horsepower is awesome.  Handling is very good (came with 17' wheels), but I intend to stiffen the suspension at some point.  The interior of the car is luxurious, but not overbearing.  After owning several American and Japanese cars, I was amazed at the design and engineering of this vehicle; hardly anything is forgotten - except cupholders, but who should be drinking at 130mph?  (The speed is limited for American models; European models are not with a top speed of 155+)Happy motoring!
For highway cruising around 100mph, nothing beats this car.  Heavy (almost 2 tons) and sluggish off the line with the automatic transmission, but accelerates from 60-90mph easily.  Fit and finish are incredible inside and out.  Sound system lacking, but I installed an after-market CD unit that sounded decent.Super road feel, handles like a dream.  Could handle (and needs) more than the 215hp that the 3.0L V8 provides.  I would recommend the 540.  Rear-wheel-drive is a blast on dry roads, but care is needed in the rain and snow - needs snow tires in northern climates.  '95 and later models come with traction control standard.Maintenance is pricey: ~$60 for an oil change.  Brake pads and rotors needed frequent replacement. Front struts needed replacement at 70k miles.  Check engine ID number on the web to make sure it is not prone to sulfur damage (well known on '94-'95 530's and 540's).Overall, a very cool car.  I would buy a used 5-series over a new Accord any day.
this car gives a very smooth ride and is easy to handle. the unique style of bmw is definitely a plus and this car makes you look sophisticated. 
My third BMW. After having driven a bald variety of vehicles, I can summarize that over a long time the only car which makes sense is a BMW. It's design will never fade. Lots of people still think what a valuable car that is.
I would recommend this car - Europeans have been driving sport wagons for years while we sacrafice ride quality for x-tra space with our SUVs.  This wagon holds more than a Cherokee and 4-Runner.
The car is great. Built solid, single owner before me, i bought it at 90k miles for about $12K, and have already put 16k miles on it. It is fun to drive (i actually look forward to driving it everyday). It is a lot more fun to drive than any other car (like a civic or an accord) and is also built very solidly. THe computer on board is great (even for a 2001 car, and this is a 1992 car!)I beleive BMW has become a bit more commercial now... but iin 1992 i believe they were not skimping on the material in theoir cars... the engine in this car will probaly work on a battleship.....I aim to own this car for at least another 7-8 years more, if not longer (unless osmething happens). My plan is to keep putting 1500 or so a year on average into it, and this will keep it running like a top, and ultimately make it a classic. There is something about powning a well kept Bimmer that is ....hhh..well it;s the same feeling as owning an automatic Swiss watch i guess...or wearing handstitched English shoes.....it's juts a feeling of quality and well being....if you are the kind of person who'd buy ONE quality thing and care for it, rather than buy a new piece of trash every 5 years, then buy a used Bimmer, save some money and have fun!
I would recomend this as a great used car for someone.  Its sporty and the stlye from is current up till 1996,so a pristine '89 model can be mistaken for even a new or almost new car.  The handling on these cars is great, and the power on the 535 is plenty.  Watch out for the 530i and 540i, they are also good cars, but the V8's from '93-'95 can go bad do to the sulfur content in the US gasoline reacting to the cylinder walls of the engine. bmw recognizes this and offers a free replacement for up to 6 years and 100,000 miles, but not all cars have had the new engines.  I would recommend the 535 and 525 for sure, and don't be afraid of high mileage, especially on the 535, you can get a great car with high mileage for cheap, just remember, the car cost 45,000+ new, so you have to pay to maintain an expensive car.   
I bought it in 1999,with 90K miles on it, single owner. The car is great!!!  Annual maintenance is around $2k, to keep it running well.   If you are buying a bimmer, please buy a stick shift. For about the cost of a hyundai, I have a car that drives fantastic, handles great, and allows me to actually use its RPMs to the max.
I love this car. I've been driving BMWs for 13 years, and this is my favorite. My brother has a 94 318, and I like that style, but it feels like a step down. Mine's a 1990, but looks newer, thanks to BMW keeping the style for 6 years (Not three, like a Toyota, and then they change the style so much you feel like you got ripped!). Had a lady hit my taillights last month, and she thought my car was new. I've just hit 100K, and it still is so fun to drive. Put a Dinan chip in a year ago, and it brought some pep in (human nature to get acclimated). There is just something to driving a BMW that I won't feel in other cars. You can take the Lexus out of the garage, but you can't take the Toyota out of the Lexus!
yes,yes yes, no doubt
This car I would recomend, if you can find it. If you see one in good shape buy it. It's worth it.Mine has 185K miles! It is running very well.
Excellent car. We got it at 265000 miles, and put 25000 miles on it since then. Only problem so far is a broken belt, and needs new shocks and struts. Handles great, and very fast. Awsome car.
This is my first car.  I purchased it with over 250,000 miles eight months ago.  It has 16' Borbet Type H alloy wheels with 225/50R16 tires (standard wheels are 14').  Dry-weather handling is superb.  The car is equipped with ABS as a standard feature, and braking is also very good.  However, under light braking from 40-60 mph, the steering wheel will often shake rather violently.  This is apparently a somewhat common problem on older 3- and 5-Series.  The car is equipped with automatic transmission and is not exceptionally quick (121 hp out of the 2.7L inline-6).  Shifts are usually quite smooth.  I am considering a performance chip from either Dinan or AutoThority.  Highway cruising, on the other hand, is no problem.  Except for noise from the low-profile tires, the car is comfortable at any speed.  Cruising at 80+ mph is effortless.  The seats are very comfortable, and the interior has many thoughtful features, from an illuminated glovebox to an onboard computer to power headrests.Cupholders are sorely lacking.  The glovebox and trunk are both large.  A 6-disc CD changer in the trunk augments a passable 4-speaker audio system.  91-octane fuel is recommended.  In the eight months I've owned it, the car as had few problems, none of them major.  Some parts are very expensive (one taillight assembly is $225), but as far as BMW parts go, prices aren't that high.  Although I would have much preferred an E34 (89-95) 5-Series like a 525i, I have found this two-generation old 5 wonderfully satisfying.  I would highly recommend it to someone with limited financial resources who still would like the superior design and character of a BMW.  If you want a blisteringly quick car, avoid the 528e.  However, for solid feel and overall driving enjoyment, this car is hard to beat.
WOW, what a deal. The dealer picked it up at an auction and sold it to me immediatley once it passed inspection. I test drove it and knew immediatley the engine was not 17 years old, and i was impressed at the incredible power (far more than a 2001 Mustang GT). Once i bought it, i looked up the part numbers, and sure enough, i discovered the previous owner had installed a 1988 E28 M5 engine (256hp)!!! I took it to my mechanic to confirm it. He told me it had new performance brakes, and suspension, as well as custom rims and CD player, and that the engine has no more than 20,000 miles on it!!! This car is by far the luckiest gamble i've ever taken. Everything is in almost perfect condition and it will be a classic in 2004!!!
If  you  see  one  in  good  shape  I  highly  recommend it.YOU  WILL LOVE  THESE  BMWS.
Overall and excellent automobile.  It's slightly underpowered in my opinion, but I have only owned sports cars up to now.  Handling is fantastic as it takes curves effortlessly.  I highly recommend the Sports package.  The exterior styling is only so-so.  I added a front spoiler and BMW Style 71 wheels to give it a more aggressive look.  The interior is very comfortable and roomy up front (I'm 6'3').  Leather should be standard for the amount of money they want for the car.  I decided not to pay extra for the leather.  The leatherette is great so far.  It feels and looks like leather.  In fact, it's better than the leather in my '99 M3. The sound system is adequate.  You may want to upgrade if you're an audiophile.  I'm keeping it as is.  I'm going to add my own CD changer for half the price of what the dealer wanted.  Too bad a 10 or 12 disc changer is not compatible with the head unit.  I highly recommend this car if you are a driving enthusiast.  If you just want to cruise in comfort, buy something less expensive.
I highly recommend this car.  It drives itself but is still fun to drive and even more fun to push hard.  Xenons are worth it.  Leather is great.  In-dash CD player for $200 is a bargain.  I'm no huge audiofile, but I think the stereo is great.  No need for the big bump up to the next level.  This car is very well engineered and BMW has had a lot of years to perfect it.  The dash layout is almost exactly the same as my old '89 535i (tough to improve upon), the fit of the assembly is flawless, the rigidity and solidness of the chassis, doors, etc are first rate.  Crashworthiness is rated higher than both the E-class and S-class Mercedes by NTSB and others.  The engine is very strong (they have been making inline sixes for what, 30 years?  I think they have it down now) and the electronic throttle is responsive.
I recently bought a 540i (1998) after doing car research for 4 months! This is the best car I have ever driven. Excellent perfomance (torque and HP). Very detailed interior. I can recommend this car to anyone who likes a quick and sporty car, but dont want to comprimise with elegance and luxury.
well, suffice it to say i paid less than i would for a small new hyundai. And i love the car. I recommend it highly, as long as you know cars and are not the type top go to the first mechanic you see and get ripped off. If that;s the case, stay away from used german cars anyway....just buy a hyundai..:-)I love the handling, the feeling od solid, low key luxury, the speed and handling, the little gizmos that make life so comfortable, the brakes, the seats, the sunroof, the smoothness of the stick shift....it;s all cool. 
Very smooth, ultra fast and responsive acceleration. Top handling and monster growl in 4.4 V-8 motor.I find that once i'm on the road, all the pikers driving hondas, mustangs, etc, come out of the woodwork trying to race me. This is how it usually ends up, I give them a slight handicap since i'm a nice fellow and then i spare them no mercy, i gas on the accelerator and i'm warp speeding ahead of them like they were driving a tricycle. I've gone as fast as 130MPH and almost to the 140-150 mark..Last night some clown in a Mustang thought he could race me, i just blew past him at 120 and then 130 and he was history. He wouldn't stay down and tried to make a come back..so i let him have it and the motor revved to 145 and he was dust..he had to pitifully bail out by going towards the nearest exit to save face. I think the only cars that can contend with 540i 4.4 V-8 is either 911 porsche, ferrari, corvette, M5, and 850i.All others are in the rearview mirror..
Fantastic car - it makes driving in even the crowded New York City area a joy! The 540i has awesome handling, tremendous power and solid creature comforts and I would strongly recommend it to driving enthusiasts seeking a luxury 4-door sedan.
Car was in great shape..bought it from a doctor who didn't really care about price (ie he sold it cheap). The beauty is the engine had been recalled (like most 93-94's) so it had fewer than 50,000 miles on it.  There are many out there..check it outA couple of grand (new driveshaft, shocks, tires) and it's like new.
Much more fan to drive than our MB E320 with the same luxurious feel. This is a car for those who enjoy driving and feeling connected with the car and the road. If you are numb about driving, go get a Lexus.
Soul.  The car has got great soul.  If you want a all around good 4-door, not too big, not too small, fast off the line, good passing, good handling, steady, safe feeling.  Comfortable, nice looking, buy the 540 Auto Sport.  It’s a great car.  I’m a serious car fanatic with good consumer knowledge of cars.  The 6-speed is just a pain for city driving.      It has this sort of character.  It’s a heavy car that feels nimble, it’s feels safe, but yet very fast.  It breaks well and handles well.  It’s easy to park and has good visibility.  The creature features are plentiful, but hidden.  The phone is easy to use and everything is controlled from the steering wheel.  The car breaks nicely and can almost sense the safety of the thing when I’m driving in the city.  If somebody hit me, I’d be okay.  If you’ve ever been in an accident, you know what I mean.  The lights sort of glow on and off with grace and the sports seats fit like glove.  The M steering wheel feels very nice.  It’s worth every penny.      I looked at many cars.  3-Series, 540 Six-speed, M5, 7-Series, X5, 911, MB, Acura Type-S, Lexus 430, AUDI Acura MDX, but this car gave me what I wanted.  Good looks, good performance and a thrill to drive.      SUV?  What’s the point?  Unless I had a family, or wanted some off-road action, or even wanted to tow a boat? But if I did, I certainly would use a 60K SUV to do either. Plus they use more gas.     The X5 and 5-Series have the same price points... Does that mean you get free all-wheel drive?? I wish, the X5 is made in the USA, 5-series is built in Germany.  The 5-Series has much nicer fit and finish. Better reliability too.  Check it out, and you''ll see I''m right.  Nothing is for free, Especially from BMW.
I just sold my 1998 modified 3000GT VR-4. So I'm fanatic about performance. The 540i Sport is all you need. It's fast, it handles well and there are plenty of upgrades when if you need them.  I was considering the 6-Speed, but there's a reason why there are very few used 540i Sports w/auto, people love them.  With three modes of transmission, and all the Sport model upgrades, it's a great car.   The push button CD-ROM based GPS is inferior to the Lexus/Acura touch screen DVD based GPS, the Lexus/Acura make a better sounding stereo and Acura comes with a lot of more options as standard equipment.      When you buy a BMW you are buying the performance.  The fit/finish and the inspiration of the car.  All those are standard with a BMW.  You are spending money on  performance & inspiration.  When you buy a Lexus, you are paying for high-resale value, and reliability.  Lexus are fast and handle well, but the inspiration is missing. It has no soul.  I know that sounds stupid, but it’s true.  A BMW not fast & furious, it’s performance & inspiration.      If you’re somebody like me who was torn between 3, 5, 7 and X, or the M than here it is.  Buy an 540i Sport with Automatic Transmission.     Here’s why.   540 is more sophisticated than the 330 and has better performance than the 740.  Stick shift is great, but forget, give yourself a break and buy the auto it fantastic and very responsive.  So the M3 and the M5 are out.  Plus, why spend all that money on M5 or M3.  Truly, when is the next time you are going to really utilize that kind of power?  Most people wont.  Most people that can afford the car won’t push it.  So forget it, throw it out of the equation.   Now it’s a matter of 540 and X5 4.4.  The X5 4.4 isn’t much of an SUV.  (If you want a great SUV, buy something that’s bigger, buy a Toyota Highlander.) Anyway, the X5 It’s 5-series with AWD that will sit you a bit higher than the 540.  The price points are similar to 5-Series.   But the Fit and finish is not as nice as 5-Series, it doesn’t handle as well and it’s doesn’t have as much inspiration as the 540.  Some cheaper parts too. Nothing is for free.      The winner, 540I Sport /auto.
Whew! I almost bought a Saab 9-5 SE. As fate would have it, I made one last venture into Hendrick BMW and actually test drove a 525ia (anthracite w/ sand leather, convenience, sport/premium pkgs., zenons and in dash CD) which I bought the next day. This was after weeks of research and walking the lots.I was a little apprehensive about selecting the sport package due to my vast amount of city and interstate driving. My concern was the trade off in ride comfort in order to maximize the ' driving experience'. True, one can feel the road and its imperfections, however, it isn't that obvious. The looks/handling features of the sport/premium pkg. is, IMHO, the only way to go. 
Whew! I almost bought a Saab 9-5 SE. As fate would have it, I made one last venture into Hendrick BMW and actually test drove a 525ia (anthracite w/ sand leather, convenience, sport/premium pkgs., zenons and in dash CD) which I bought the next day. This was after weeks of research and walking the lots.I was a little apprehensive about selecting the sport package due to my vast amount of city and interstate driving. My concern was the trade off in ride comfort in order to maximize the ' driving experience'. True, one can feel the road and its imperfections, however, it isn't that obvious. The looks/handling features of the sport/premium pkg. is, IMHO, the only way to go. 
WOW what a ride!!!  I have ridden in European cars before, but BMW does have the ultimate driving machine.  It runs like a dream.  I only wish they a 540 wagon ready, I would have taken it in a heartbeat.  We drive the car for 400 miles, get out and feel as though we have not gone anywhere, it is very confortable.  Worth the money.  We got in Alpine white, it definitely has eyes.
WOW what a ride!!!  I have ridden in European cars before, but BMW does have the ultimate driving machine.  It runs like a dream.  I only wish they a 540 wagon ready, I would have taken it in a heartbeat.  We drive the car for 400 miles, get out and feel as though we have not gone anywhere, it is very confortable.  Worth the money.  We got in Alpine white, it definitely has eyes.
What a great car.  Had the car for about 6 months.  Purchased with automatic, sport package, parking distance control and fold down rear seats.  Second BMW purchased.  First one was a 318.  Will never go to another make.  Car will last at least 8 years.  LOVE THE NEW 3.0 litre engine.
3.5 out of 5. Worth the money? Yes, if you compare it to the E class, 530i, S-type and all the other rivals. it will probably be more reliable, too. Does it excel? Not really, at least not up front. Maybe you have to live with these cars to appreciate them.
The 530i is close to perfect so far; however, most of the luxury and near luxury cars are also good nowadays.  It's much more fun compared to the Mercedes E's & more solid than Acura and Lexus.
I owned a 90 535ia for 11 years. Best handling car. I enjoyed it even though it did require a lot of repairs. TSo I bought a 540ia sport. It is a nice looking car but has quite a few bugs that BMW must rid off. The most irritating one is the stuttering/binding drive by wire gas pedal that annoys the most. The second one has to do with shimmy on 2000 series Z rated Dunlop tires. Especially noticeable when car sitting around and the driven. Some kind a of flat spot on the tires. Not a good thing to have on this type of a car. Iginition sticks but the dealer says has to do with
We took deliver on our 2001 530i in Apr. 2001. Purchase price was out the door w/ext. warranty. We purchased every option available on this vehicle, with the exception of the comfort seats (didn't need the leg extension feature). This luxury car is truly a lot of 'F' 'U' 'N' to drive. My husband loves the Steptronic shifting and often gives me a neck-ache because of the vehicles torque and quick acceleration. The GPS was a nice-to-have, but we do not utilize it but 3-4 times a year. Sure wish we could have used the $2k somewhere else. The upgraded stereo w/DSP is a must. We enjoy listening to music while driving, not driving while listening to music.
The 'ultimate' BMW. Dr Jeckyl and some serious Hyde. If you motor without testosterone it can be a plush luxury cruiser. Punch it; it becomes a beast. I've been driving these since before the word yuppy or 'bimmer' was invented. My first was a '74 2002(new); my last before this was a'97 M3. I've watched the brand evolve and can say without qualification that this is the finest 4 dr car on the planet period. Sure the M5 has more performance; most of it is unusable. and the aformentioned ride of this is amazing when you consider what it can do. They absolutely nailed it.
My 530 never disappoints. Superior handling, excellent performance, and a comfortable (sport seats) and luxurious interior. The only failure in 21,0000 miles is a front turn signal bulb. A great all-around car. I give it a 4 for value because it IS an expensive machine (You want value, buy a Honda).
Extremely reliable, It nice to buy a car where everything works. I've own the 525 for 2 years and had a problem with a minor noise in the dash. The dealership test drove the car and found the noise and remendy it by replacing the whole dash. I received the car back clean and quiet and everything working as it should. They went the extra mile without any argument. I don't know if it is the dealership or BMW, But you could not asked for a better automobile. I have just purchase a BMW Z4 and NO Problems.
This is a great car if you value performance first and luxury second.  If your priorites are different, the Audi or MB is a better choice.Yes, other cars may accelerate as fast or faster but only on a boring straight line.   They don't stop as fast, either.Get the manual transmission and sport suspension.  This is just another German luxury car without it.  The ride is not too harsh.Flimsy cup holders are placed there by German Engineers to remind  us  sloppy Americans not to eat or drink in thier cars.  One really can't eat or drink in this car and drive it the way it should be driven.So far dealer experience has been excellent in all aspects. (Herb Chambers)
Most of the money you will spend goes into the engine, about 4 thousand more than the 525. But in city traffic, I think it's a waste of money. Heated seats are not standard, this was the only car in stock with the convienence option. Would have liked the navigation system but again the car would have to have been custom ordered = 3 months. I suggest order the car to your specs so start shopping 3 months before you decide to get rid of your current car. This car is really fast if that is what you care about get it. Only major problem is rear wheel drive, get snow tires or all season not sport tires. Consider the 3 series with all wheel drive if you live in a snowy area. The body has not changed since 1996, it's everywhere so people do not get jealous and scratch the car.
Auto manufacturers talk about 4-door 'sports car'. This one is it, the 530iA is a sprots car that will haul 4 adults in comfort. 
I was very pleased with the way we were treated at our dealership and more that happy with the performance and quality of the BMW.  The 525 has the smallest engine of the 5 Series, but the performance is really fantastic.  I just could not imagine driving the 540 or the M5.  The 525 gets me where I want to go in style and with the least amount of effort.  I would highly recommend this car to anyone.
This car is expensive, there's no doubt about that. Having said that I would pay a little more to get the enjoyment it will deliver. If you've had a bad day all you have to do is drive this car and the day gets better.The new engine is great, smooth balanced power and it will really launch ,from speed, if you want it to. The nicest car I've owned and I've had a few. Blows away the Audi in handling and driving pleasure. The Audi is a nice car with a little more HP but it will put you to sleep with its handling. I cant say enough about the looks of this car. It's beautiful.Inside and out. The new rims and headlights make it look like a touring car. Go get one!!
Bimmer is a Bimmer.  Not a Lexus or anything else.  Get it.
Paid $43,000 from a private seller who owns a car dealership and turns his cars over every 9-12 months. Car had 4700 miles on it. He bought it new from the local BMW dealer. List was $53,000 when he bought it in February 2000 with every option available. Not sure why he came down to my offer from his listing at $48,000 but I think it's because he and I hit it off since we're both car fanatics and I'm kind of young.This is my wife's car. She says that her stress level decreases by 50% every time she gets in it. She says its like slipping into a state of relaxing meditation when driving. As a sales executive who drives quite a bit that kind of feeling is very valuable to her. She had a Passat wagon before this and really liked it. On my urging we got this car and boy is she happy we did. She absolutely LOVES it. This car is a culmination of BMW's effort's over the past several decades. It amazes me how firm yet compliant the ride is(even with 235/45/17 tires). It drives superbly and loves to be pushed to its generous limit. It is whisper quiet inside when driving. The interior is gorgeous, and in the wagon form has a good amount of cargo space. Everything is right where it should be and works flawlessly. The amount of thinking and features that have gone into this car will really blow your mind; truly a technological masterpiece. It is not perfect(see weaknesses), but it is so close to flawless that you appreciate its design and craftsmanship every time you drive it.This car is worth every penny. And if you have a lot of pennies and a penchant for speed, opt for the 540i wagon. Other vehicles owned:2000 Chevy Silverado1997 VW Passat(sold as of tomorrow)1999 Honda CBR600F4(can you say 0-60m.p.h. in 2.8 seconds?!)1994 Honda XR650L1995 Yamaha WR 250dream car: Porsche 911 turbo
sports car in sedan packagingbuy it for the driving dynamics (best in class)not as reliable as Japanese cars though
This car truly is an incredible vehicle.  if you are lucky enough to afford a 50000 dollar car, i cant think of another place to spend it.  You get the safety, security, cargo cappacity, passenger comfort of a full size sedan, as well as get the performance of a 2 seater sports car.  As you drive down the road you can't help but smile at how great this car really handles.  the steering is perfect, and the ride/quiteness of the cabin is ideal at high speeds.  I had the car up to 125mph (shhhh) and felt in complete control!! After having a car of this calliber i don't know if i can ever go back to a 'normal' car.  If only the price was not so high it would be the best car money could buy.  What kind of person would drive this car?  Well.... anybody.  Anybody that enjoys performance, and luxury wrapped into one great package. 
Prefer Sport? go for itPrefer luxury? go for E430
 i like the way this car handles! drives like a dream! very expensive to maintain!I do not think i would buy another one. it is a very impractical car, no storage and it really does not fit my lifestyle.
The Germans know their $hit. Bimmers are 'badazz' machines that SCREAM 'DRIVE ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!'  I've tried several times to make my 528 work HARD (difficult corners, acceleration, et al)  but it never protests and I've yet to feel it even approach its potential. I've owned Honda Accords most of my life. I then upgraded to an Acura 3.2 TL.  Though Honda makes a great product for demanding consumers, and frankly I don't know who in their right mind would buy a domestic car when they can have an Accord (manufactured in Ohio - for all you rednecks reading this), they have NO products that can compete with a BMW. Bimmers are in a class of their own and I can say with EXTREME confidence that I will never again purchase anything but a Beam.  Do I recommend the 5 series? ABSOLUTELY.
I recently sold my leased 1998 Lexus GS300 and switched to a BMW 528i, so I want to focus on how the 2 products compare. Service at Lexus was terrific, but when I went to release the sales manger said no one would want a GS300 without a sunroof and leather and tried to 'steal' my car. So much for good dealer relations.  The BMW and GS are quite different in many ways. The GS is more of a family sedan while the BMW is more of a 4 passenger sports car. Handling of the BMW is much better, more precise and has no understeer on curves. Seats are more comfortble on the BMW, particularly going around curves. The GS has more interior room, a better audio system (comparing std. units). Both are very quiet on the road, and neither have any rattles so far. The finish is first rate on both cars. The auto shift on the BMW is much better with the sports and manual option. In summary, both are great cars. One makes me feel 50, the other 30.
I opted not to buy the 528 and instead chose the 9-5 SE.  The Saab was faster, roomier and more comfortable.  PLUS, it was cheaper!  It may not handle as well as the BMW but then again, it's not supposed to be very sporty--it's a luxury-oriented car.  Regardless, I would still prefer that my car handle like the 528 but oh well.  Bottomline: on paper anyway, the 528 does not compare with the 9-5 SE on any grounds but especially not value.  However, car buying is way more subjective than that and, admittedly, it was a very tough decision.
I payed 54K for mine.  The only thing I have to say is, 'if you want luxury and sport, this is the car'
After a new super highflow tuned exhaust, new computer chip(only to take off 155mph limit), 19' wheels, custom BMW titanium-paint job and tint, an even faster(tough to beat) shifter, and some new rubber, I no longer need the BADAZZ liscence plate holder.
Best in class (by far in my opinion)Definitely a drivers car. If you're buying it for the passengers, the Mercedes E-series might be a better choice. If you can afford it, it's not a mistake to spend the $$$ on this car.
To anyone who can afford a 528, it is a no brainer.
Wow! I finally own the dream car I have always wanted and it hasn't let me down at all. It is a 2000 528 that is black with tan leather. It has 35,000 miles. I don't think any sedan has the curb appeal and aggressive look of a 5-series. The 'BMW growl' is intoxicating.
Love driving the car when it is running. Serial electrical problems are making me regret the purchase. I'll probably go with the Lexus next time. I've got a 4Runner with 4x the miles and zero problems.
I like the the engine smoothness, although 20-60 is a bit laggy. Not great for the cash either. My friend has a Lexus GS and it is way better than my Bimmer. His is quieter yet faster also. I messed up with this one.
This car was described to me as 'once you drive BMW, you don't go back' by my former boss (who had owned BMW's for 30 years). After buying the 528i w/SP I must say he was right. This car handles, glides, speeds, and everything great. The service is easy (oil change only required every 15k miles), and is a general pleasure to drive. I usually get bored with a car every 3 years, or stop loving them after the first year. Not the 528, I actually look forward to the drive through the mountains every day!
Wonderful to drive!  The perfect balance of comfort (with all of the poor roads in LA) and control, and still so quiet on the road.  I came from a '98 Passat, which was a great car too, but can't compare to the 528 in terms of handling and balance.    
Titanium Silver  13,000mi  5 speed  Sport Premium Pkg.  I love this car and can't wait to get an M5. I only wish it were REALLY FAST. Easily the best car i've ever owned.
I love cars. And my wifes BMW is a car that I enjoy so much it's ridiculous. It's a wagon that drives like a sports car(with the power of a sports car if you get a 540i). How's that for handy? We've owned more reliable cars(see weaknesses), but never one that I've enjoyed every minute of driving nearly as much. It now has 27,000 miles on it and we would definitely buy another.    Here's some background on me: I subscribe to 5 car magazines. I came in second at a porsche club autocross my first time driving my friends 911. I come close to setting track records at any go-kart track I visit. Big deal, right? Well, yeah, sorry about the immodesty. My point is that I know a good car when I drive one.     This is not a good car, but a incredibly good car. The refinement of the drivetrain and chassis is phenomenal. The engine is liquid smooth. The transmission shifts are barely felt and always occur when you want them to.The ride is firm yet compliant. The brakes work to perfection. Yup, it's an amazing car to drive.     The quality presents itself when you open and close the door, when you grip the M steering wheel, when you use the steptronic manual shift mode, when you increase or decrease your speed on the steering wheel mounted cruise control. This car screams quality. This car screams performance.    I put a winter wheel/tire setup on(Blizzak MZ-02), and it annhialates my Chevy Silverado in every respect unless the snow gets really deep. ABS and traction control are perfection(although I usually turn off the traction control to feel the cars copius limits myself).    If you drive like a grandma, you might be just as happy in a Camry. If not, stops at the Mercedes, Audi, and maybe Volkswagen dealers are the only ones you need to make on the way to the BMW dealer(we test drove the Allroad, A6 2.7T, E320 wagon, and Passat Wagon, among other inferior brands-Volvo, Saab). If you want 85% of the car for 60% of the price, get a Passat. If you love quality, prestige, and cavernous space, get the E320. If you want great power, good value, and all wheel drive to boot, get the Audi. I would be happy in any of them. But if you REALLY want the best driving machine, I recommend the BMW.
BMW wasn't kidding around with their slogan 'The Ultimate Driving Machine'. This 6spd 2 ton monster can haul butt from 0-60 5.8 sec. You get compliments from both men and women (beware of gold diggers and leeches). This Sedan gets my two thumbs up on performance over-all and luxury. 99-todays 540 Sports are equipped with M Steering Technology (super feel when changing lanes and cornering from highway patrol). As soon as you get behind the wheel to go to work, or just out for a cruise, you transform into a speed racer. Even if you were never a fast driver before. This BMW feels like your driving 40, when in actuality you're doing 80+ MPH (like most BMW's). Make sure you have warranty, tune-up's range from $400-700 (That's expensive as it is).
5 series luxury sport sedan is the best in its class. Don't forget that this combination is not for everyone, but for those who want near porshe performance, almost like mercedes luxury and inside space sufficient for most of your needs. Just for the style/looks of that car i would buy it again. Perfect balance of everything. And that 6-speed manual transmission is a key to heaven :-)    P.S. sound (audio) is poor thought, but sound of an engine is all you need.
I've read some of the reviews with problems and costs....well, first everything imaginable is covered under warranty for 3 years.  If I bought an American car, I'd be changing oil every 3k miles and my own expense.  BMW oil changes every 15k miles (still bothers me, that's a long time) and they cover it under warranty.  The money you save that way surely makes up for something.  I've seen other manufacturers doing similar things since we bought ours in early 99.We've had a problem wih the glove box lock, works sometimes, sometimes whatever it was you were trying to get out just has to stay in there:-)My biggest gripe is the lack of cup holders.  For those of you stating excuses for BMW to NOT have good ones, those are ludicrous.  'You can't drink if you drive the car the way it's meant to be driven'?  If you drove it that way ALL THE TIME, you'd have so many traffic violations, you could trade your Bimmer for bus fare.  Come on people, we live in America with no Autobahn and we gotta have our latte's and foofoo coffees every morning on the way to our 9 to 5's.  If you have kids, God forbid they may want to hold their drinks after the Mc'y dees drive through for Happy Meals.  I've had ours up to 135 mph (with four occupants) and over 100 mph multiple times, and I can still have a drink in the cupholder.  I'm also very meticulous and it kills me to see a 16 oz pop go spraying across the car because of a lack of engineering and marketing studies for where they sell their product.Now, we are VERY happy with the car, and to have an only gripe of cupholders on a car is phenominal.  We don't have any desire to replace this car except for another BMW in quite a few years.  I'd suggest to anyone looking to look at BMW.  We started wanting a Pontiac Grand Prix GTX and when pricing them out, $32k for a Pontiac led us to looking at a BMW.  Wow, I can't believe we thought about buying a Grand Prix:-)  WE don't regret spending the extra money.  It's more than worth it and a great value and these cars are awesome.  If you want to go fast, you can, if you don't you don't have to.  BMW offers many models to choose from.I only wish my Ford Superduty, that cost almost as much as the BMW was built as well and I've had more problems with it and it's newer.Mark
Well Simply marvellous peice of Machine. Have driven big ones like Merc s500/420. NO car in my openioh has such a Great Human Engineering. What you feel like having is there in the car. Driving is a PLeasure and I can be a Poet when i drive it. Great looks, i have black on black leather and interiors black wood trin is brilliant. Milleage is great as expected from cars like there. The side mirror goes down when u back up the car so that u can see the road. excellent car by all standards. five stars from all angles.
Great car.  If you can afford the price, buy it: the sheer pleasure of driving it makes it worthwhile.
Absolutely the best car in its class, short of the 540i and the M5 of course, but then again those are in their own class by themselves :) High class automobile with the best sport precision handling and a great ride. Silky smooth engine with a lot of power and torque. Absolutely perfect cabin layout and a huge trunk. The car is gorgeous, extremely cool yet tactfully understated. The sport/premium pack makes the car - highly recommended. The only imperfections I listed in the 'weaknesses' but since they really are just an add-on equipment I do not count them  against the car itself. BMW NA on the other hand should address those issues ASAP as many people hate the sound system in particular. Furthermore, there is no easy way to upgrade it and absolutely no way to replace the head unit! This car is a work of art. The 528i is my second BMW, after a 1996 328is, and the leap in quality is tremendous.  And the 528i is only $4k more than the E46 328i!If you enjoy driving you will love this car. However, if you are an average american transportee who doesn't know what blinkers are for and just looking for something to move your butt around in, look elsewhere since you will spend mega bucks and won't be able to appreciate what you have.
I have owned several Mercedes for the past 12 years and I must say that I am quite pleased with my recent purchase of this 5 series. Very solid ride and feel.
What a wonderful car!     I took a long time looking for a replacement for my VW Passat and test drove a lot of cars. 5 mins behind the wheel of the 530 and I was hooked. The car felt as if it had been built around me and seemed to know ahead of time what I wanted it to do. Finally understood all of the rave reviews I'd read in auto magazines.    Assembly inside and out is impeccable, the design is elegant and understated, the engine is a jewel and the car has the best balance of ride and handling available. As one auto magazine said 'the 5 series is the Tiger Woods of sports sedans'.
A wonderful car. Fast. Great handling. Great looking. So far I have had no problems with it.
My first BMW and also my first import. At the time I needed some wheels but I wanted something really nice.       I didnt find out that all those 540s on the road have a V8 engine until after I bought the 530i. I have no complaints with the 3.0 straight six but I will get the 545i next time.    People either admire it or hate it. Most of the haters are just too cheap to go and buy one.
A wonderful car that makes you feel like a player in traffic. Mine had 25K when I bought it. The handling and road feel are as good as its reputation. It lacks in some features you get in a Lexus, but a car is ultimately measured by performance and the performance is off the charts. It's like owning a luxury Porsche. I used to own a Lexus GS 400 and their is no comparison in your confidence in the handling.
I recommend it for thoughs who has alot of money and wants a good luxury car for a CLEAN and DRY roads like California.  Not for thoughs who wants a car for power to reach places.
About $40k. I would recommend it for people living in an area that does not flood. Otherwise get and Acura or something. I had an exerience driving it over the water a couple of times and my engine died i guess it was to low to the ground. I had one problem with my engine the water hose broke but the dealership did a nice job replacing it.
Second only to M5. Better than even MB E55. Nothing else in the class compares. Actually there's no other car can be placed in the same class as BMW's E39 5 series.
I used to own a 325i 1996, which I wanted to change for a 328i 1999. Feeling the interior too crampy, I sat in a 528i, and I immediately knew I had found my car. I wanted a manual transmission and Xenon lights. Since I couldn't find a dealer with any car carying those features, I had mine ordered. It took 3 months to have it (since it had to be built), but I got to choose the Orient Blue color (only available on the 3-series, stock), and put a moonroof.My only complaint is about some interior irritants. The glove box is too small; the cup holders are a joke (watch out for spills when turning); climate control is so-so (it is easy to operate, but the target temperature is hardly reached - too hot or too cold); not enough integrior storage; the armrest moves forward/backward, and it shouldn't.Overall, this car is excellent, and I haven't got any problem for the first year.
The best sports luxury sedan car in the world. Beats Mercedes E-class (I also own one at present, and the old model before that) hands-down
Bought a year old car with BMW-Used-Certified with warranty till 100,000 mi.  Payed $48,000Nav SystemPhoneHeated SeatsDSPSports PackageBUY, BUY, BUY
The 540iA is without doubt a car with few peers. It accelerates like a scalded cat all the way to the 155 mph speed limiter. In spite of itsalmost 2 ton girth you can throw this car around like rag doll andnever come close to loosing control. It is as solid of a car as I haveever driven. The chassis is tuned so that bumps are simply absorbedand never make it to the occupants. The elastically attached aluminumrear suspension also helps in this area. No other luxury sedan(and someare using the name lightly)on the market provides such a great soundingV8 that shifts at the 6000 RPM redline with such ease. If you get thiscar then realize that you will probably never be happy with anything else.
Almost 3 years ago I was debating between a BMW 328 or an Acura 3.2 TL, and I decided the BMW 3 series was not worth the extra $12000 - and I enjoyed the Acura for the last 2 1/2 yrs.  I recently read several articles gushing about BMW, and I read from this web site.  I tried the new BMW 330xi with all-wheel drive, liked it...BMW is worth the extra cost now.  The new Acura 'Type S' was a disappointment.  Then I got to try a used BMW 5-series - wow.  The dealer showed me a black on black 1999 540i with sport package and all the extras with only 15500 miles on it...I ended up trading in my beloved Acura TL for the BMW 540i, and I am very pleased with the BMW.  My kids love the car. Installed the 6-CD changer in the trunk (more difficult to change CD's, but I can live with that). The Lexus 430 GS we tried was sure luxurious with a great stereo, but it was not fun to drive - turning was like trying to turn a large, fat boat in choppy waters. The IS 300 Lexus had a rough ride, weird look, and not that sporty I didn't think.    The BMW 330xi was  nice, but for the same price I got the used BMW 540 and am glad - it is a more substantial car...and what a car.  Driving though Logan Canyon near here is an exhilerating experience.  BMW really does have it figured out: the connection between driver and car and the road.
The five series BMWs have been great cars all along and are just now being rediscovered by America. I owned my first 5 for many years. I put over 200k on it and when I finally sold it the car still looked new! Perfect black leather interior and beautyful paint. The thing was fast as ever. I did want to move to something with the current safety standard though and I've been equally pleased with my 528.
Best car I've ever owned by far. Four door sports car, very solid feeling, handling is a great compromise between performance and ride comfort. No real complaints other than some of the dealers. Also has held up well in resale market. Makes me want to go on errands. It has gotten a bit expensive over the past couple of years however.
I would recommend this car to people who wants performance and luxury combined.BMW engineers really think about the safety and performace.Don't expect a soft ride, that's the reason why they are called sports sadan.
I would only recommend this car to real driving enthusiasts.  When it works the car is peerless.  Sadly, it doesn't work that often.  Ownership of a $50K+ car should be without incident.  Not with this car.  As far as meeting my expectations it is the worst car I've ever owned.  You'll have fun with it, but ultimately it will cost you too much money and grief.  I will not be buying another BMW.Ask yourself if you're really prepared for ownership of a 5-series.  Are you willing to tolerate the electrical, mechanical, and quality glitches?  If you are you'll have a thrill ride that is hard to beat in a 4 door car.  If ultimate performance is NOT your primary concern..move on to something else.BTW, my experience with BMW dealerships has been VERY unpleasant.  Arrogance and ignorance combine to make for an unbelievably annoying experience.
I would recommend the BMW for those who have the patience and time to deal with multiple service calls.  I believe BMW has a good product but they should focus in those functional areas of the car requiring frequent service calls.  Their stockholders and customers would profit from a more reliable product.  The only department that would loose is their service department who in 5 more months when my car runs out of warranty will start charging me $80 per hour.  Two months ago when I bought this car (used), I thought I wanted BMW to take me to a new level in driving experience.  Now that I'm half way there, after frequent service calls, I'm ready to go back to the hassle free experience of owning an Asian product.
My 3rd BMW (1984 325e and 1990 535i), and I'll be a lifetime fan of BMWs.  My 98 540 is fast, good-looking, luxurious, and based on my other two BMWs, which are still running with 230k and 175k miles, I'll drive my 540 into the ground.  The 540i is routinely rated a 'Top 10' automobile, and I concur.  Though relatively expensive to purchase (>$50,000), the total cost of ownership after 10 blissful years can't be much more than a run-of-the-mill domestic sedan.  For those that just can't picture themselves in a Mercedes.
Bought it used a year ago and have put 21k on it.  Absolutely the most enjoyable car I have ever owned.  It is a true 'drivers car.'  The suspension is a perfect blend of comfort and handling. Acceleration is startling. Before I bought it I tried Lexus LS400, Lexus GS400, Infiniti Q45 and several others. Nothing compared.  Buy a new one if you have $58k to spend on a car.  Buy used if you don't have, or don't want to spend, the $58k.  It's a great car.
I would not buy this product again.  The engine is fairly small for a sedan this size and while the performance is pretty good, the interior annoyances are frustrating.  My wife has a 1998 Chrysler Town and Country and has had absolutely 0 problems.  She loves to give me a hard time about this as I've had numerous little things go wrong or break.  Given that her car costs 1/2 of what this one costs, I can see her point.  She says BMW stands for Big Money Wasted!
2 year leaseI would recomend this car for anyone who is looking for a 4 door stealth rocket.  If you dont mind seeing a 40 year old lady driving a very similar looking car in the slow lane this car is great.  The power of the V-8 is simply the best available.
The BMW is a great car to drive. Its fun and sporty. Great handling and turning radius. Gas mileage isn't bad if you are in the right gear at the right time. The interior is very nice and roomy. There is lots of room in both the front and back seat. But don't get the bucket seats. There is a seam going down the middle, it agitates my back. Also, the stereo system is not good. It has adjustible reverb, but it has no base, and sounds muffled. The one in my Jeep is a lot better. There is also no middle compartment between the front seats, and a very small glove box. But it's not that bad.If you have the money, this is a good car for anyone. I would recommend it.
Black with black leather and sports package.  Everyone should get to drive a car like this for 1000 miles.  Afterwards, the Japanese and American car makers would have a lot of explaining to do.  You can't imagine the isolation of road noise and vibration yet retain the road feel and impeccable steering precision. This is a luxurious velvet rocket ship with civilized mileage.  Southern California traffic makes me long for a Steptronic rather than 5 speed, but oh well.$50K out the door for a car I'll pamper for 10 years or so.All our neighbors love the looks and ride of the car too, which makes us feel good about it.  We love the car in every way.  
This is a great vehicle. I will say that it is the best car I have ever owned. It has great fit and finish, and the V8 has ample power whenever you need it. I was a bit miffed when the door handle broke, but things happen. The handle was fixed under warranty, and that is the only problem I have had. I would definitely opt for the sport package if I could do it over again because I would like a stiffer suspension, and the non-sport wheels don't look as good. Be prepared to upgrade the factory stereo if you are an audiophile.
145,000 mile report. I bought the car used with 36,000 miles on it. It has truly been a great car and wonder if I'll find a replacement that I really like. Engineering is the best ever and the car does everything right. I test drove a new 745i and didn't like it as well as my old 540.    The car hasn't been trouble free but none are. Repairs and maintenance are a bit pricey and some are even ridiculous - like $42 for the two rubber strips in the windshield wiper refill!    The car performs and drives as well as it did with 36,000 miles on it and looks like it will still be a good car at 200,000 miles.
As I need the end of five years as the owner of this car and having spent more than $13,000 in repair and maintenance, all I can say to any prospective buyer is run away from the BMW and don't look back. This is Germany's revenge for us having beaten them in World War II.  The car is well built, sort of. The engine is strong running and sound; it's just everything else that seems to be falling apart. It's had 3 separate brake jobs (at about $1,000 each), the catalytic converter went at 82,000 miles, the front air dam cracked and had to be replaced, it needed a tune-up (another $1,000), it's gone through 2 batteries, the weatherstripping around the door rotted out, the water pump conked out, the heating coil had to be replaced, the front end had to be replaced, and now I have to replace the master cylinder. Also the air conditioner is rattling, probably on its death throes.  This is on top of regular scheduled maintenance at about $240 on the average.  And did I mention that I had to replace all four tires? A minor oversight on my part ...  The electrical system in the car is interesting too. Once when it was hot outside, the car just stopped. I found out that this is not too unusual on these cars, just as extremely high maintenance and repair costs are normal too. I have no idea how many rear tail light bulbs I have replaced, but lucky for me this is one thing in a BMW that is user friendly.  Although the car generally seems high quality, with a great ride and handling, I am amazed by the little cheap touches inside. The plastic control buttons on the climate control have cracked in two. The center arm rest is this weird thing that slides forward and back and is only marginally useful. The cup holders appear to have been copied from something available in a 1972 AMC Hornet. The 'wood' that wraps around cabin seems to have more than a fleeting resemblance to being simulated, rather than real.  I now understand why BMW offers these cars with a 4-year total maintenance package. This seems to me to be an admission of the low quality of their cars and a new adherence to the notion of 'planned obsolescence' that was the hallmark of American cars from the 1950s through 1970s. American cars have learned a lesson that has apparently escaped the Germans -- Survey after survey shows Japanese and American cars surpassing the Germans in quality of build and reliability. Anyone who buys a 5-year or older BMW has only himself to blame for the misery that will follow.  I bought a 2004 Cadillac CTS that is truly a great car -- solid, great handling, quality fit and finish, and a blast to drive. I will never own another BMW again.
My 1992 525i was totaled in a car accident. Wasn't wure I would get another BMW but than I found this car on the internet at a dealer and when I took it for a test drive, I just knew I had to have it. Rides like a dream and handles like nothing I've ever driven. Love the instrument cluster and how it looks at night, cool! Car is White with tan leather interior. The interior looks great and I love the 15' wheels on this car. I am disapointed with the Michelins and am replacing them with a set of BF Goodrich Turanza LS-H tires. Overall, a very impressive car.
 All around a great buy. This car has everything u would wanr out of a 2.8 liter sports sedan. Its got a pimpin look,and it handles like carzy. The one thing i did not like was the stock speakers(no bass).the only thing i will choose over this car is a 540i six-speed,and the all time great m5(both are bmw's,and 5 series). There is nothing more to say BMW's are the #1 SPORTS/LUXO cars out their.
AWESOME CAR- DROVE THE ML320, DEALER SALESMAN WERE SNOBS THERE, SO OFF I WENT TO THE BELLEVUE BMW DEALER.  I NEED A RADAR DETECTER, THIS CAR LOVES TO GO 90, AND JOHNNY LAW IS WAITNG...
Very satify. 
WOW!!  A fantastic car!  I just replaced my 1998 M3 4-door with this beauty... A bright red 1998 540i Sport 6-speed.  It is VERY fast (though you don't FEEL the speed like you do with the M3).  The handling is tight for a car of this size, and it is a joy to drive.  It is SOOO much more luxurious than the M3, especially with the navigation system, and sport seats.  The ride is a lot less harsh than the M3, but still fun.  The only complaint I have is the 'premium' stereo system (a $1500 option)... I LOVED the Harmon Kardon system of the M3.  It had VERY tight bass, clean highs, excellent imaging, and got very loud.  But with the 540 system, the bass is weak and the volume is low.  I will add an Infinity Basslink to the system to beef it up a little.  
My wifes car, but have driven it quite often.  Extremely reliable.  90% highway driving and averages around 9Litres/100KM (30MPG Canadian or 25MPG U.S.)  Very comfortable.  No major problems in almost three years.  Have had a few bad experiences with the dealership service.  Likely due to my wife taking it in and they don't seem to pay the same respect to a female as they do a male.  Car is coming off lease and has almost 40,000KM or 24,000 miles over the lease limit.  Our penality is alomst $8,000 and they will not cover any piece of it for a trade in, even if we were to buy a X5 that we were looking at.  So looks like we will buy it and possibly look at purchasing an Acura MDX to cover the difference.  Too bad, really liked the test drive of the X5.  Can't believe they are willing to lose a customer because their bottom line will only be about $2,000 profit compared to $10,000.  Oh well, think they are getting too comfortable and need a knock up side the head.
A love-hate relationship.  This is our 2nd E39 540i.  A great car, but you'd better find its unique attributes worth the expense and trouble to be happy with it.  Not a true luxury car, since it's not cushy enough.  Buy it for the handling, not for the luxury or image, or you'll be disappointed.  We sold the first one, then couldn't find anything we liked better after 6 months, and bought this one!
My car is always in the shop! Let's see is it the various lights, brake and headlights,  that have gone out about 10 times, the two radiators that have been replaced, the broken cupholders, the currently broken back window mechanism (even though in 5 years it's rarely raised and lowered), or the thermastat and tie arems ... that frustrate me.    Yes, it's a fun car to drive and yes I've been the only owner and take it in routinely for maintenance, but enough is enough.  Consumer reports listed electrical problems very high for this year and decreasing in problems with every year thereafter.    I'd like to give BMW the benefit of the doubt and even bought an X-5, 2000 model, for the wife.  Let's see, died when going less than 10 MPH - they took out and reprogrammed the car's computer - a national problem, the paint on the bumper chipped off, the paint on the internal door handle flaked off too, the gas tank has been replaced as well as fuel lines, and the brakes now make the stearing wheel vibrate when braking from 70mph or above.    So do I just have bad luck?  Well my partner has a 330 and has had three tires, Continental, blow out spontaineously on him!  Causing a wreck the last time.  Wouldn't there be a lot of lawyers now after reading this huh?    Well, maybe I'll go Lexus, Audi or Infiniti?  I know I'll miss the feel, but not the inconveniences!!!
If you are about to buy this car, think twice.This was my first and last BMW -- I loved this car at first, this is why I bought it back in 1996. But as the utter LACK of reliability became apparent, the love faded. Problems have been too numerous to list, ranging from relatively minor (e.g. windows stop working -- cost $250 to $300 to fix -- this happened TWICE!) to major (e.g. dumping of coolant causing engine to overheat -- stranded on side of road)    I have spoken with other BMW owners (5 Series and 7 Series), and I've found that it's not just me and my car. This lack of reliability is a common feature of BMW cars.    I'm warning you...the only thing ultimate about this car is its UNreliability
This is my 4th BMW, first 5 series and is definately the best car I've owed, period! Style, performance, comfort...this car has it all. Make no mistake this is a 'Drivers car' i.e. Performance car first and a Luxury car second. If you are looking for straight Luxury car or the 'Detroit Float' look elsewhere. Bought the car used about two years ago, lease turn in, with 28k on the clock, now has just over 53k, no major problems to speak of. Local dealer, Hendrick BMW, Charlotte NC has been outstanding ( supplied me with loaner cars even though they know I didn't buy the car from them ). For non-warranty & performance work I use Bavarian Auto Service Rock Hill, SC great service and a whole lot cheaper.Being a 'spirited driver' and having a bad back I needed a car that I would enjoy 'driving' but still give me some needed comfort, the 528i fits the bill.  This car has the Premium Package (Power everything) with the standard seats (heated) and while I would have preferred the 'BMW Comfort seats' these are just fine. Car is quiet and stable at speed, nimble and gets 28 mpg, with the air on!To improve the overall performance I've done a few minor ($650 total) mods that have made a major difference in the car.1. installed a CAI (ECIS) w/K&N filter2. installed 'Conforti Shark Injector' engine mangement program Coupled together I have much better acceleration and more aggressive drivability and still get great gas mileage.Additionally, I upgraded the stock stereo with high-end JL speakers and power amp. now I have music and not noise while I drive.Obviously, I highly recommend this car 
Definetely the best car I've owned so far.
People have warned if you drive a BMW, you'll buy a BMW. That's what happen in my case. I never driven a car with such smooth power transition,and superb handling. 80-90mph seems like 60-70. Solid as a rock. The looks and comments I received from people are great. I can't wait to get up in the morning and drive this car to work. And after work it's like a decompression chamber(all the troubles and stress just fades away).
a good driver's car as advertised as ultimate driving machine albeit at a very high cost of maintenance; reliability is its main achilles heel which is a turnoff to an otherwise nice driving machine.  lots of parts are made out of plastic to save weight as a result don't last very long.  Disappointed with wobbly brakes, jerky transmission, and harsh ride, and especially with reliability issue; very expensive to repair.  I 'd not buy again for reasons above even though it has excellent dynamic chassis. If only BMW can learn from the Japanese manufacturing prowess.
Generally great car. Window regulators do break too often, scheduled service is quite expensive but, it is a BMW.
Leased.  This is a somewhat different write-up than I've seen so far.  Forget about the electrical problems with the first as I assume its abnormal.  The rest is based on owning two of them in Switzerland.The 528 is a much better balanced car and a lovely engine with smoother torque characteristics and enough power.These cars do not handle.  Yes, driving down the long straight highway in the USA at 70 mph they may be great.  But deal with alpine driving and it understeers like an elephant on ice.  It was well enough recognized that after the first model year the Swiss dealers only sold them with the special handling package. This helps but by brute force -- certainly not elegance.  Not to mention the A pillar which completely blocks any site of the road on left hand curves.At anything over 200 kmh they start to float and wander all over the road.  Continentals were a joke, 16' Michelins were a vast improvement without losing all concept of ride quality (17' wheels).  For you Europeans with a front air dam, take it off if you're into the autobahn and it will help tame the its wandering spirit.A good 'executive car with a sporty image.  If you want a great road car, get a C-class, an E-class or a 7 series.
Best handling sedan in class. Only slight inferior to M3 in handling but much more civilized (quiet as opposed to constant engine roar from M3). Much better handling and road feel compared to Mercedes E-class.Only gripe is interior and fit and finish not as good as Mercedes or Lexus.Also lousy climate control-constantly needs readjustment in hot weather.Still is overall best in class in my opinion.
Wow.  The 528i is AMAZING and while I haven't tried the manual, is fast enough in auto (for '99+ they have torquier engines all across the board).  But the 540i...Ok, comapared to 740i/L...aluminum suspension, thus you see better handling automatically, nevermind the reduced weight.  Looks the SAME from the inside.  Less space in the back and headroom overall, but I'm 6'3 and I'm saying it's good enough for 5 people!  4 people?  Perfect!  For some reason, the V-8 (identical to 740) sounds better than in the 7!!!  Try it, it's true.Handling!!!  I would say overall the 540i with the optional 17 inch rims is a better handler than the M3, it's THAT good (heavier so on a given day on a *RACETRACK* M3 would be better).  I just can't explain how incredible the combo of luxury, solidity, stability, and controlled handling in any situation up to well into triple digit speeds.   By far, the best overall sedan ever made, ever.  If you really don't want to compromise much over ANYTHING when you say 'overall' you would agree with me.  The 6-spd is even more desirable...lightning 0-60 and highway passing, better sportiness (but harsher 1-2nd gear shifts and ride).  Don't consider Lexus/Benz unless you really prefer their interiors (I think the 5 and 7 series interiors are the most gorgeous in the class by far).If you can afford a pre-owned or a new one BUY BUY BUY!!!  Just have a nice warranty, and you will have MORE THAN a nice life!  Can't afford?  Get the 528i.  Incredible.
i would recommend this car to anyone who has the budget for it. Pretty fast handles turns like nothing. Straight out of the dealer, no mods neccesary. I do however recommend you get the trottle body, and stage 3 eng. chip from  DINAN this will take of that lousy top speed limiter, and provide you with a more jumpy car. 
WHAT MADE ME PURCHASE THIS VEHICLE WAS THE GOOD LOOKS STILL TO THIS DAY I AM INFATUATED BY THEM AND THE COLOR IS VERY GENTLEMAN LIKE - COOL VANILLA. THE 300 HAS A VERY NICE FEEL ON THE ROAD - THE RIDE IS TAUGHT AND SMOOTH MUCH THANKS TO THE MERCEDES E -CLASS CHASSIS COMPONENTS. THIS IS THE BASE MODEL SO THERE IS NOT A WHOLE LOT OF FEATURES AND OPTIONS BESIDES THE ALLOY WHEELS , ESP STABILITY PROGRAM AND 6 DISC CD STEREO WITH 6 SPEAKERS. THE ENGINE IS UNDERPOWERED GREATLY I AM NOT SURE WHY CRYSLER EVEN WENT AHEAD OFFERING THE 2.7 THE BASE CHOICE SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE 3.5 THE FUEL ECONOMY ONLY DIFFERS 1MPG BOTH CITY AND HWY.
Have been driving the Mustang ragtop for three years now and could not be happier. The car drives like a dream. I have had no mechanical failures of any kind so, I cannot comment about the dealer service. For a Mustang (this is not my first) it handles surprisingly well.
I have a tan chrysler 300 signature series with tinted windows it is a great car i love it. I had it for 10 months and i have 35,000 miles i do alot of driving. I only got 1 oil change and the car still runs like new. This is a great car. you have to get it with the tinted windows. The 3.5 V6 engine has a lot of power but i would have liked the hemi. I like the navigation system but i would have liked if chrysler made a touch screen nav.
I love my Chrysler 300 Unlimited. I've had since April 2006 and its absolutely wonderful to drive. I bought it new and have not had any problems thus far. NONE!
Having looked at a BMW and an Infinity I chose the 300C. It is larger and quietier and more powerful than the others and I love the look. I have a chrystal black one and it is fabulous. There are 300C fourm sites that will put you in touch with thousands of owners. Some have had more trouble than others. I love my car. It has been to service for a warranty issue and it was fixed properly. I have 9,000 miles on it and have had it for six months. I drive in the northeast megolopolis corridor and the driving an be tough. This car has the power and the suspension to handle it all with a quiet style that turns heads every day. It is part Mercedes and part Mopar power. I don't regret purchasing American one bit. I bought the rear wheel drive and it has been fine. The AWD road stiffer and was somewhat noisy. I have read that the noise can be attributed to the type of run-flat tires that are on that model. If you don't want the 340 horse hemi, get the 250 horse touring or limited. I had the 3.5 liter engine in my old 300M and my son is now driving it at 160,000 miles and it still going strong with no problems. That was a big part in my consideration of the new rear wheel drive 300C.The automatic climate control, computer control, radio controls and everythig else are all well thought oput and work as one would expect.
I've only had my car for 3 weeks and the check engine light came 2 times and the dealer attempted to fix, but the check engine light came on again for the 3rd time!
My base model Chrysler 300 was provided by my employer at the time through it's fleet program. Was very excited to get it and now that I've left the company I miss it alot. Even though it was a base model with the 3.0 V6 I never felt like I was in any danger of not being able to accelerate fast enough. The seating was very comfortable for me as a six-footer and was easy to drive long distance. Some reviewers say the inside felt cramped but I don't concur and is perhaps due to the low sightlines of the glass. Fit and finish was very good and I loved the way the car handled. Pretty honest road feel and great response. The only downside was the way the body style compromises your field of vision. Even when pulling up to a light I found myself straining down to see it at times. Otherwise you can get used to the restricted sightlines. And anyhow the coolness factor made up for it. In the nearly three years I had it and 30+k miles I never had a single issue except for a minor recall. The mileage was even pretty decent in the upper 20's overall.
The Concorde Limited replaced the LHS in '03. Same car cosmetically and functionally (interior, body, 250HP V-6, ect.) Just an amazing vehicle for the price. List in '03 was abt. 33k; I bought this one 8 mos. old & 16k miles for $17,000! A LOT of car for the money if you can avoid the crippling 1st year depreciation. MUCH nicer day-to-day driving car than my wifes '00 BMW 325i, just not as sporty when one wishes to drive that way. Great highway/ long distance car. Very attractive, practically a show car! Looks much more expensive that it really is.
I was set on a either a pre-owned Lexus GS300 or a BMW 740il. Than I saw the Chrysler LHS. Apples to Apples it had all the same features. Heated seats with memory, CD, leather, power sunroof, automatic V6 engine, keyless entry, alarm, AC, mounted audio controls on the steering wheel, crusie control, power everything. Maybe like yourself, I really wouldn't be put out spending the extra money on the other 'high line' cars since many of them do hold their resale value stonger, but with the LHS you'll be getting alot of car for the money, especially if you're the type to keep the car longer than just a few years, without making sacrifices for the price tag.
Smooth, comfortable ride. Great for long distance driving. Excellent fuel economy (~27mpg). Plenty of on-demand performance. I love how the cruise picks up smoothly and slows you down when you're going downhill - prevents a speeding ticket at the bottom of a steep downgrade. Audio is fantastic. It's AM/FM radio gets better reception than any other vehicle I've owned. That's nice when you're driving thru the midwestern states. Overall a very pleasant experience.
Overall, this has been the best vehicle I've ever had (I'm 56 years old, so I've had many cars by this point in my life). Most important, it's been extremely dependable. In 18 months and over 44,000 miles, I've only had it back to the dealer once for warranty work (bad rear speakers-no problems after they were replaced). I'm a demanding person so this dependability has been extremely important to me and very much appreciated. I spend 30-45 minutes each way commuting to work and actually enjoy (except for traffic jams) my time in the car. This car is the most fun to drive I've ever owned and I spent 20 years driving a 1975 Corvette. The LHS has excellent acceleration, fuel economy (24 mpg overall), crisp handling, excellent braking, firm and confident ride. It feels very nimble for a large car. It has many luxury features (auto temperature control, heated leather bucket seats, excellent stereo w/CD and steering wheel controls, keyless entry w/2 driver memory, center concole, rear armrest, rear seat pass through for skis, etc. It also has a very large trunk. Topped off with eye-catching styling, this car is a great value at this price. For 2002 the LHS has been dropped but the Concorde took over the body style. The 300M has many of the same features but has a smaller body, most notably the trunk area.
I think the general design of the car is excellent, even though I borugh an updated 2002 Toyota Camery for my wife, I still think Chrysler LHS's interior desigh is better executed. It is simple, elegant and functional. I particularly like the automatic client control system and the driver informational display, it allows you to set the preference you like and it does not take you a lot efforts to find out the information while you driving, it is just a very user friendly car.
dang this car is the bomb. I been riding in it for about a year. I get looks every day no mater how old the car gets. This car flies its got power even with a whole load in it. I know this because my family and I just rode it to north carolina with a full load we were still passing people every minute. This car is sweet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dang this car is the bomb. I been riding in it for about a year. I get looks every day no mater how old the car gets. This car flies its got power even with a whole load in it. I know this because my family and I just rode it to north carolina with a full load we were still passing people every minute. This car is sweet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IN SEPT. 2000 MY WIFE AND I BOUGHT THIS CAR SORT OF AS A ANNIVERSY PRESENT TO EACH OTHER. IT WAS THE FIRST NEW CAR, AS IN BRAND NEW, (16 MI. ON ODOMETER) FOR EITHER OF US SINCE 1973. IN THE SIX MONTHS WE HAD THE CAR,IT WAS IN THE SHOP FOR NUMERIOUS THINGS, CHIEF AMOUNG THEM WAS FOR AN ELECTRICAL PROBLEM THAT THE DEALERSHIP COULD NOT FIND THE CAUSE OF.THAT TIME THEY KEEP IT A WEEK. I WILL ADMIT THEY TRIED A LOT THINGS,THEY CHANGED OUT THE CD CHANGER, THE RADIO, AND EVEN REPLACED THE SOFTWARE FOR THE COMPUTER BUT TO NO AVAIL. BEFORE I PICKED UP THE CAR THAT TIME, I ASKED THEM TO REPLACE THE BATTERY, BECAUSE THE INDICATOR 'EYE' WASN'T GREEN LIKE IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN, WHICH THEY DID. TWO OR THREE WEEKS LATER, I TOOK THE CAR IN FOR IT'S 3000 MILE OIL CHANGE, TOLD THE SERVICE DEPT, SALES MANAGER, AND ONE OF THE SALESMEN THAT HAD HELPED SELL US THE CAR, THAT WE WERE STILL HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THE ELECTRICAL, THEY SAID THEY WOULD CALL MY WIFE ON MONDAY AND MAKE ARRANGEMENTS TO GET THE CAR BACK IN TO THE DEALERSHIP,THISWAS ON FRIDAY.THE FOLLOWING THUSRDAY, IT WAS VERY FOGGY OUT, AND MY WIFE COULD ONLY GET EITHER THE HIGH BEAMS OR THE FOG LIGHTS TO COME ON. WHEN SHE ARRIVED AT WORK SHE CALLED THE DEALERSHIP AND COMPLAINED ABOUT THE PROBLEM. THE SERVICE MANAGER TOLD HER SHE HAD A PROBLEM WITH HER HUSBAND AND NOT THE CAR, (BECAUSE I HADN'T TOLD HIM ABOUT THE PROBLEM ON THE PERVIOUS FRIDAY, HE WASN'T THERE.) THAT EVENING AFTER I HAD HEARD WHAT HAD HAPPENED, I WENT TO THE DEALERSHIP AND SPOKE WITH THE GENERAL MANAGER/OWNER, AND AS CALMLY AS POSSABLE TOLD HIM IN NO UNCERTIN TERMS, THAT I WOULD BE AT THE DEALERSHIP ON FRIDAY OR SATERDAY TO RETURN THE CAR AND THAT I EXPECTED ALL OF MY MONEY RETURNED (I ALREADY HAD THE TITLE.) ON FRIDAY HE CALLED ME AT WORK AND TOLD ME THAT HE WOULDN'T REFUND MY MONEY. ON SATERDAY WE TRADED THE CAR RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET, PURCHASING THE '98 CAD DEVILLE. WE WERE GIVEN $23,000 FOR THE LHS, PLUS WE HAD TO FINANCE ANOTHER $6,000 FOR THE CAD, MAKING IT APPOX A $14,000 LOSS FOR JUST 6 MO. OF OWNERSHIP. I WILL NEVER OWN A CHRYSLER PRODUCT AGAIN.
This vehicle has been a joy both in owership and ride comfort,style and performance. Priced and at a great price for a used auto which I think may be it's draw back they lose a lot of value. But I buy cars and keep them for 8-10 years so value isn't what look at when I purchase. I haven't had to do any maintance yet short of the A/C check and engine oil both the Dealer took care of with no charge to me. The amenitys of the car is nothing left out the only thing I don't have is a cd changer which really I didn't really need I kind of like changing the cd's after play. My previsious auto had the 6 disk changer in the trunk which rearely got changed, personlly I found that a drag. Since I'm over 6ft tall the only disadvandge of this car is a little short for my left leg in room extention. I'm not feeling real great about it's gas milage being I came from a Linclon Towncar the gas mileage is about the same and of course it doesn't handle the same as a Linclon but I'm not complaining. Overall I would highly recommend this auto to anyone looking for a sporty-refine lux car.
Best car I've ever owned. I've bought 10 new vehicles and this one has been the best. I've put 128,000 miles on it in 3.5 years. Doesn't burn any oil. Everything works. Of course, I've used Amsoil products and service myself anything I can.
Excellent Car!!! All the bells and whistles. 240w Sound system w/ 4 disc changer is great. All options except upgraded stereo system. I love this car. Quiet and responsive. I got a good one this time.
perfect car
We purchased two identical LHS's. His and Hers. We have both experienced the same trouble issues on our vehicles. One vehicle is always in the shop for repair. Windows and door locks have been repaired a total of nine times. Side mirror fell off for no reason. Both fuel pumps went out within two years. Water pump out on one. Transmissions constantly need repair. Cooling lines broke on one. Currently have one car in for repair because it would not start. Service center cannot find the reason.
Great horsepower, runs good. Had to replace window motors at 60,000. Tires avg. $200.00 each. Replaced rack on steering at 65,000. Still having front end problems with knocking when turning or breaking and mechanics do not know what the problem is.
Real nice car, has plenty of power. Lots of leg room. Interior is has held up good. Tires are expensive, but that goes with sport touring cars. I thought it would hold its value better and major parts would last londer. Electric windows and locks go hay wire sometimes.
Purchased in 1998 and have driven 116,000 miles, mostly highway, with few problems until recently. Now it has an apparent electronic shifting problem at high acceleration as if it temporarily loses power. Neither my personal mechanic nor the dealer's service center can diagnose the problem with the the latest computer diagnostic equipment.
I bought this brand new in 1999. In these few short years since I purchased the car I have put 185,000 miles on it. I have had no problems with any part of the car what so ever. A 5 year old car with 185,000 miles on it with the original engine, transmition, and everything else completly stock/original (minus the performance sound system I installed to replace all the speakers and then add some) says alot for Chrysler. I have had absolutly no problems whats-so-ever with this car. I even race it on occations, just for the fun of it and to see how it compares to other cars (stock or performance inhanced), and had still had no problems with this car at all. Chrysler has really done a good job in recent years with makeing their cars be able to handle the tests of every day driving and then some.
We have driven this car since it was new, now has 88,000 miles in a little over four yrs, Its a great car on the road and comfortable
This car is SWEET!!!We LOVE the luxury feel and the gorgeous lines of this car.It's sporty and classy in every sense!
Anyone who likes a good, trustworthy car, without paying an arm and a leg, will love this car. It is worth every penny. I have had no problems in the past with this car and I couldn't ask anymore than what the Chrysler LHS offers. I give this car a top rating, for performance, style, power, and price. Chrysler has had its share of bumps with cars in the past. But now that is all over. Introducing the Chrysler LHS, simply perfect. 
FIRST OFF, I'M SICK OF PEOPLE CALLING CHRYSLER JUNK. ALL THE PROBLEMS PEOPLE ARE HAVING ARE PERFECTLY NORMAL. THEY HAPPEN WITH ALL MAKES AND MODELS. THEY'ER CALLED LEMONS!!!!!!!!!! PEOPLE AUTOMATICALLY COMPLAIN ABOUT A CHRYSLER PROBLEM BECAUSE THE MEDIA HAD DAMAGED THE COMPANY NAME. CHRYSLER BUILDS THE HIGHEST QUALITY CAR IN AMERICA, AND CAN BE COMPARED HEAD TO HEAD WITH ALL THE CRAPPY JAPANESE CARS ANY DAY.NOW FOR MY REVIEWThis car has the best engine and drivetrain in its class. It really does beat some V8's. It is the most powerful normally aspirated V6 in the world. It even makes 13 more horsepower(midgrade fuel) than the 3.8 supercharged in the Grand Prix GTP, and makes 3 more horsepower than GTP on regular fuel. The GTP makes a mere 240HP.This car has the best ride, the best compromise between luxurious smoothness and road feel. It handles like a European car that was born on the Autobahn. The handling is perfect, no tire squeal on 40 mph turns!!!This car is the best American car ever!!!!!STOP CHRYING ABOUT CHRYSLER
If you want a sleek, fast, elegant car with room enough for five and a great sound system, then the Chrysler LHS (99 and above) is the car for you. I am definitely pleased with the purchase of this car. The standard leather interior is plush and the dash decor is well laid out and quite eye catching. The trunk is enormous and provides plenty of room for a nice long family trip. The infinity sound system is ablsolutely great to listen to. I get about 23 MPG running on regular gas.
This car is awesome, and I'm 19 years old.  The Plantimun LHS with Chrome (after market 18' wheels, ) looks gorgeous.  The shear size and bulk of it scare other cars, but it handles no different from a Camaro or stock Mustang.  I don't think any body tried this, but I installed an after market air-intake and exhaust kit, and it sounds awesome.  It sounds like a 5.0 mustang or a similar hot rod type car with a V8.  Speaking of V8, I'm hoping that Chrysler will switch all of there large LH cars to V8 and rear wheel drive, then watch the sales go up. All they need to do is advertise more.  There has been no mechanical problems with the car, the only cost is timely oil changes.  Chrysler should just put more faith into this car and advertise more.  Any one wanting a luxury car with a low price shouldn't look any further than the LHS.  Just look at the standard features, then think about a 4 cylinder Toyota Camry that costs almost $25,000.  Get the LHS, You'll stand out from the crowd, and I think you can trust Chrysler now. 
This is a great car.  It has super styling, much better than any US makers.  It offers a tremendous amount of features for a fairly reasonable price.  I can't understand why Chrysler has'nt sold more of them.  I never see them advertised.
The price for the money is truely a bargain. The foreign cars and G.M. do not have the style or engineering that Chrysler has put into their cars.
I bought this car used at 39000 miles and have put 10000 miles on it.We use it as a family vehicle and just completed a   15000 mile trip and we just love the car.Great ride and very confortable.  No problems for us or previous owners.
this car is graet until it breaks and you have no warranty. i have a buddy that has put 2 grand into his with multiple probs, the engine is basically blown on mine and the cost is about 4 grand. i still owe 7 grand due to the dealers pitch of what was suppose to be 17% fixed on the whole amount of the loan only. this is something to watch out for, to anyone going to dealers. when it does work, there is a lot of road noise on the freeway. yet, gas milage is good.
This is a great car, we havent had any problems with it at all. I have driven it from upper PA to Washington DC about 10 times never had any problems. Highly Reccomemded
Was actually a little surprised over the LACK of problems, since a lot of people have reported transmission, electrical, AC  etc. with this car. Bought it anyway in 2001 with 103.000 miles on it. Great ride, lots of luxury, engine is strong enough unless you're planning on racing it. Have put 31.000 miles in a year and a half with nothing but oil changes and 1 new battery!!
Nice roomy car for my family of 5.I bought the car 3 years ago with 99,000. miles. Now 3 years later at 130,000 its holdin on pretty well.Its the most luxurious car I have ever owned.Wood grain and leather make the car look and fill nice.
It's a shame that such a nice car gets such poor ratings however if you look the majority of complaints come from those who own the 94 & 95 models. I also owned a 94 and it had a lot of maintenance problems also. However every time we got it fixed we fell in love with it again. It handles extremely well for such a large car. It looks great and it rides good. The power is good although some reviewers have said that it should have more. In short it fits the need for myself and my wife very well. We liked the 94 in spite of the mechanical problems so much that we opted for a low mileage 97 about 2 yrs ago. We have had no problems with it. Also it should be noted that the 94 & 95 were flagged by Motor Trend as high maintenance vehicles that should be avoided. I am glad they got the problems taken care of. This is a very nice car that is more on the line of a European luxury sedan rather than your typical American luxury car.
Seems to be a good car. I've only had it for 2 years and put 15,000 miles on it but I've only had two small problems with it that were covered by the original warranty. Rides nice, it is a little noisy at road speeds but not real bad. Has enough power for me but then I don't punch it too much, only when I really need to.If you treat a mechine right it will last a lot longer. I would recommend this car to my friends. I bought the extended warranty for it though because I heard the water pumps go early and cost about $800 to replace, but I haven't had any major problems yet. 
Extremely good car.  Has almost 70,000 miles with just those couple problems.  Need to improve headlight aiming though.  I really like it I would buy another one.  and all of you complaining its probably your fault for hotrodding it cause it is extremely easy to do so.  and the motors in the a/c are from running it on 60 with the fan on high.  but as i saud u would buy another one when this 1 dies which i doubt it will
Instead of calling it LHS they should have called it a POS.This car has only 78,000 miles on it and its been in the shop more than I care to remember.The water pump failed on the highway at 65 mph spilling antifreeze all over the windshield and then the engine died. We almost got killed. This happened, not once, but twice. I'm now on my third water pump.The A/C has failed every summer. When I take it back to the dealer they replace the compressor, condense and evaporator. The last time they picked up the bill. But its broken again.This was my first experience with Chryser and I can assure you it will be my last. Maybe Daimler-Benz will put this company out of it miseryand shoot it.BYE BYE Chryler
$16,000 and No I would not recommend Chrysler Products.  Chrysler consumer support is non-exsistant.  My next car  or future cars will not be a chrysler!  More likely than not it will be a Buick!
I bought this car, in January of 2001 while in the USAF, in Minot North Dakota. It works GREAT in the winter time, which ND has a lot of. It HATES the summers in Ohio, now that Im not in the Air Force. I have spent probally a good $3000 in repairs. My dad has a shop, and I get parts 1) at cost, 2) tax free & 3) he does free labor... THANK god for that.     I drove back and fourth from North Dakota to Ohio several times, I LOVE the car.... it now has 252,405 Miles. Today, the transmission decided to blow.. (a seemingly common problem).     I bought the car, it had one owner before me, and I recieved an envelope with every thing that had ever been done to the car, including oil changes every 2500 miles. (All done at the dealership). The car had about 150K when I got it, but had the transmission and engine both replaced (the former owner accidently drove 60 in Low Gear)... so the Auctual miles on the tranny & engine were 70K, which isnt bad for a 1996.
I bought this car off lease in 1997. It had 17,000 miles on it. Six years and 134,000 miles later I still love it. I will truly be sad when it 'passes away', but see no evidence that it's going to happen. The car still doesn't use oil, has had no serious mechanical problems, still hauls my kids and their junk around with ease, and the 3.5 liter 250 hp engine appears to be one of MOPAR's few modern triumphs (it may be the modern version of the fabled 'slant 6' of 30 years ago...) Still love the car's styling and cavernous interior space, and really like hearing the B-52's 'Love Shack' blaring on the Infiniti stereo ('...got me a chrysler/seats about 20/ so hurry up/ and bring your juke box money...') Hope this ride lasts another 10 years, because I haven't seen anything else that compares in this price range. My wife's new 300M is a piece of crap in comparison.
Incredible car, it's big, comfortable, and luxury. When you drive it you can completely relax and feel as a Captain of a ship. It's pity that Chrysler stopped production of this car especially in old design body fashion.
Overall I like the vehicle very much. It is attractive, has plenty of power and interior amenities are excellent. My vehicle has 69000 miles on it, and I am still running the original tires. I would estimate there is another 10 to 15000 miles left on them. The vehicle is using 1 quart of oil every 3500 miles
I really like the car. The power is awesome, and it just gets up & goes like no other. I bought the car used, had a single owner & all the paper work of every maintenance performed on it to include every oil change, fuel filter change ETC.
Boy, does this car suck.It was a piece of crap from the day I bought it.I would never buy another Chrysler again for as long as I live.Yuck!!!!!!
This car has been excellent to me. I read a number of reviews, and got a bad impression, but after test driving the car I had to buy it. I haven't had any mechanical problems thus far: So far all I've done is normal maintenance such as transmission fluid replacement, fuel and air filter replacements, and a fuel system cleaning treatment. I truly believe that many of the problems people experience from this car are from harsh treatment.  I purchased this car used with 103,000 miles on it, and now have over 130,000 miles. The engine uses no oil and the transmission is solid as a rock.  This is my favorite car of the ones I've owned thus far. It handles well for a big car, has great interior room, and doesn't sacrifice much on the luxury side. If you treat this car well, meaning drive nicely, it will do great things for you. If you like to hot rod around a lot, I wouldn't suggest it. I drive like an old man, even though I am under 30, but my vehicles always last.
i love this car!!!!!!
I purchased this in the fall of 1997 when it only had 54,000 miles on it. 1,500 miles later the air conditioner compressor went out. :-( That was actually the LAST problem I've had with it. With a new set of Pirelli tires, it handles almost - and I'm serious about the almost - as well as the 1997 BMW 740i I also owned, and rode considerably better! The car now has 82,000 miles and is still a plesure to drive with good gas mileage and adequate power. The BMW was gone after 2 years. Considering a 300M at this time if I can find a good used one!
The styling of this car is what first attracted me to look at buying one. Now that I've had it for 2 years I still love the look. I have 240,000 k's on it and the body and paint still look brand new. The premium stereo package is the best of any car I've ever owned. This is a large comfortable car that is perfect for those who travel or spent a great deal of time in there vehicle.
I will never buy another Chrysler product.  Chrysler would not admit this car was a disaster.  They should issue a recall for these evaporator systems that keep breaking.  But since that is not safety related, owners will just have to suffer.  The value of this car went into the waste can once the litany of flaws became apparent.  Am currently looking to get rid of it, just hate for anyone else to be saddled with such a lemon. The car is virtually worthless and has been for the last couple of years.  I have been stranded at night with this car more than once.  If you are looking for reliability, stay away from Chrysler.  Its back to the reliability of Honda for me.  Too bad this system will not let you give negative ratings; I would give this car and Chrysler a negative 10!
Other then the sensor switches, and the recalls this is a very good vehicle. I replaced the pump and timing belt due to a friend telling me that if it went on its own (t-belt)I would be replacing the rods too MAJOR EXPENSE. My wife is actually the driver and she takes good care of it. We have not had any problems with transmission, although same friend said if I did find it slipping to CHANGE TRANS/TORQUE CONVERTER FLUID, DRIVE 1000 MILES AND HAVE IT CHANGED AGAIN @ A TOTAL COST OF ABOUT $200.00. CHEAPER THEN REPLACING TRANSMISSION. We live in the Northeast and have taken this car to Florida twice, and will go again this summer.
Beautiful looking car. Fell in love with the looks... and I've been paying ever since! We bought the car two years ago with 150,00km on it. Two days after I drove it off the lot... the air conditioning died. I should have known right there it would be a problem. $1200.00 later, the car was fixed and I was still happy with my purchase... since then... $5,000.00 in repairs ranging from three 'no starts' (it still looks good even on the back of the tow truck) front struts and wheel bearings, more air conditioning problems... this time it was the compressor and the list goes on. Even with the repairs I love my car (call me stupid) I just figure I got a lemon. I'm going on three months now with no major repairs and shes got 215,000km on her now... maybe... the worst is over?
When my parents decided to trade in our Luxury van for a luxary car I was alittle questionable. I thought all luxury cars looked alike. Immediately I feel in love with Dad's car (1997 White LHS). 3 months later mom traded in her Dodge Shadow Convertible for her car (1997 Black LHS). After some time with trouble-free use of the cars (excluding windshield wiper blades) I turned 16 and was bought a 1995 Concorde. After one week I was unhappy with the car and we traded it on on my car (1995 Grey LHS). I love the Infinity System. I love the Black Leather Interior. I love my car...
Purchased this car as a secondary car. This is my 3rd Chyrsler product. I keep hearing people cry and wine about how a hunk of junk these cars are. I bought my car used. I also got the Advantage Added Care warrenty included with the price. I've gone back to the dealer 3 times for little things, headlight that didn't work (didn't check it when I was looking over the car), keyless entry remote didn't work, dealer gave me a new one, programed it and even showed me how to do it incase I wanted to buy another remote and didn't want to pay 35.00 to program it. They also reset my auto door locks. All this without an appointment. Hats off to them for customer service. They even called a local tire place to get me a GOOD deal on a set of new tires.  We love the car so far. The kids (3) do too. We don't drive the van as much as we used to now.  For you people who are bit-ching about the quality of this car, if you can find anything better for the money, go buy it. 
I hope people see this site and think twice about buying a 94 LHS
Believing that a Chrysler was special, and having to pay out thousands of dollars because of this vehicle, has throughly disillusioned me.  The dealers solution........sell it, and buy a car I can afford to maintain.  Now I just need to find someone who doesn't know the track record of an LHS.
This car is great and to all those people that say they are lemons and bad cars I got a question for all of you Do you really know how to treat a car?
This car has had cronic transmission problems.  Its been worked on three times, the third time the dealership rebuilt it. It has had many other problems here is a short list: Water pump,fuel line leak,lower control arm problems, ABS problems,Traction control problems,The whole air conditioning system needed replaced,Rear window switch is bad,Fresh air intake door motor burned up and needed replaced and now it has been in the shop for over a week and they cannot find the problem.  The car will downshift into low on its own often at highway speeds and sometime the gauges will not come on, when this happens the car will not shift gears. They replaced a part they thought was the problem but it was not it.  This cost me $550.00 now they decided to contact Chrysler and think it is something to do with the ABS system. To do this it is another $450.00 we have contacted everyone we could possibly talk to at Chrysler and they will do nothing. The car is UNSAFE AND A BIG LEMON.
This has been the WORST car I have ever owned.  Asthetically, it's an awesome automobile.  Performance is above average.  Engineering and reliability are horrible.  It would have been better for me to spend more money on a proven, more reliable car from a reputable manufacturer that supports their product.  
I whole heartedly recommend this Chrylser.  You can't beat the price for what you get.  For more agile than the Town Car, and just as powerful as the Deville.  Amenities are abounding, and for a fraction of the cost of the Town Car and Deville.  The dealer experience was wonderful.  This car is great for couples getting older, as you will experience heritage dating back to the 50's.
I would strongly recommend this automobile for those looking for 1. space  2. comfort/luxury 3. power 4. unique body styling.  Chrysler has packed in a generous amount of all four attributes.  However, if power is your thing and price flexible you can buy a more powerful touring sedan.  Last but not least, the car has that 'head turning' look once reserved for those foreign jobs.
CHRYSLER`S LHS REPRESENTS A BIG IMPROVEMENT OVER ITS PREDECESSOR. AN ELEGANT INTERIOR, SOLID ACCELERATION PERFORMANCE AND EXECELLENT HANDLING COMPLEMENT EYE-CATCHING STYLING. WITH ITS ROOMY BACK SEATS AND GENEROUS LEGROOM, IT CAN HAUL FOUR PEOPLE IN COMFORTABLE, LUXURIOUS SURROUNDINGS. SUPREMELY SMOOTH AND STABLE AT HIGHWAY SPEEDS, I COULD SPEND MANY MILES IN ONE OF THESE, RIDING BEHIND THAT HANDSOME EGG-CRATE GRILLE.PRICE PAID IS 30,875 YES, I WOULD RECOMMEND IT.
its a great car for the money. it has everything you could want in a car.its a big car that drives like a sport sedan.definatly one of the best cars ive driven at a lower price than the imports in the same class.with the breaking system you can stop on a dime,who needs to pay 50 grand for this kind of car.
dang this car is the bomb. I been riding in it for about a year. I get looks every day no mater how old the car gets. This car flies its got power even with a whole load in it. I know this because my family and I just rode it to north carolina with a full load we were still passing people every minute. This car is sweet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't touch Chrysler or Dodge products at all. Engineering looks good on the surface but is all rotten underneath. Their are more dissattisfied people then there are happy ones. The dealerships are individually run and do not have to answer to Chrysler or Dodge corp. HQ. Bad mix all around
LHS 1994. We paid $27,000 for it.  We would not recommend this car unless it has been greatly improved in mechandics.  It doesn't sound like there is a LHS offered in 2000, they have switched to the 300M.  Hmmm, wonder why?  Definitely do not buy a used one that has not had the things fixed that I have mentioned.  If we didn't have so many problems with the car we would have recommended it hands down.
NEVER NEVER BUY ANOTHER LEMON,  OH I MEAN CHRYLSER!!!!!!!THE RESALE VALUE IS @#$%^&*.NO ONE IN THEIR RIGHT MIND WILL BUY THIS CAR FROM ME.I'LL JUST HAVE TO DRIVE IT TILL I JUNK IT.  I ACTUALLY THINK IF THE DEALER HAD BEEN WILLING TO WORK WITH ME ON THINGSI WOULD BE MORE WILLING TO BUY FROM CHRYSLER AGAIN.  VALUE RATING:   MINUS TEN STARS ON THIS CAR!
A pleasure performance ride overall, with 138,000 city miles when I purchased it, quick pickup when you need it, and good gas mileage. I changed tires and replaced with the goodyear eagle, much smoother ride, Infinity audio system is a blast.
bought w/ 86000 Miles, now showing 196000 Miles. Mostly trouble free, except for 2 fan belts. A/C leaks about 2 $3.50 cans of freon a year. Still rides and drives like a new car. We considered trading to something newer, but can't find anything that handles and rides as well, for less than 25K. Will most likely move up to a LHS. Have had many cars in my 40 years of driving, this one will be hard to beat.  Last car was a 90 Dodge (276K)& 91 Dodge van w/ 226K, both driven away by their happy new owners.
This has been an excellent car. One of the nicest luxury cars I've ever owned. Had 150,000 on it when I got it and I put another 25,000 on it in the past 18 mos. Had it to Florida 2 times and NC 3 times.  I've put about $2,000 in repairs in it but it only seems to get better with use.  It is like a new car in looks and operation.
The car has plenty of power. I beat a mustang V6 3.8 in a race!!! Because the fact the car has torque. The transmision is breaking though. I recomend getting a rebuilding kit for the trans. it costs 130 dollars because I did the work my self. It made my car work like a charm.
This is a very nice car. The ride is great and I did not have any troubles with it at all. The gas mileage was very good.
I love the room inside this car!! It's just that I have had a large variety of problems with it. My friends have been advising me to get rid of it since the transmission went out in 1997. I have had so many problems. Here are just a few: The transmission had to be replaced after 2 years. I have had major problems with the AIR CONDITIONING(Three times/only once covered by warranty), heater panel fried out on a 15 below zero day, and as of yesterday, it is just blowing cold air. I am hoping it's the thermostat. I have replaced the serpentine belt, the struts, all of the brakes, the disks and just as a kicker, the rear view mirror just fell off one day. I won't bore you with the rest of the list. This car has been such a pain. I can't even sell it because every time I want to something else goes wrong that I have to fix in order to sell it and then I have no $ for a downpayment of a new car. I am starting to get rust on the back right side by the passenger's door.
High maintenance requirements and low tradein value offset its good handling and attractive styling.
Excellent car all around for the money, unlike my Cadillac Catera.
Great well made car that seems it will last for ever as long as you can get the options you are looking for!!
Fully loaded with Navigation, Bluetooth and Back-Up Camera. Excellent car.
Great car. A little tight for me (6ft2 225lbs) but good comfortable seats but not much rear seat room. Great build quality as expected. Like the steering alot better compared to 'heavy' feeling of BMW. Wonderful smooth powerful v-6 and great quick shifting 6 speed auto. Handles great and it will 'catch' itself if things get too sqirrelly.
You can get much more car for your money, be aware of maintenance costs not just upfront price, the exterior finish looks nice but any typical highway debree causes scratches and dents, a not so cheap entry level luxury car where they cut many corners and paid little attention to fit and finish.
I'm a Lexus fan! I have always thought they made tight cars. The 300 has distentive styling filled with a lot of bang for the buck. It might not be the greatest on gas but if that's an issue but something else. The IS is made to be driven. The standard list of options are all geared toward the driver. I love mine I suffered dearly trying to get one. Now that I have one it was everything I thought it would be and more. I noticed that others compared it to cars out of it'z class so what does that tell you? It belongs in a class all to it's self. The Mazda 6 is a great comparison basically the same cars in every aspect but the IS stock is more of a drivers car. With some work I have gotten my Mazda 6 close but think about it, if you have the money you can creat a beast in the IS 300. I have driven the 250 & 350 and they are nice basically geared more toward luxury the IS is my dream come true. It's nothing like driving on a curvy back road to understand what makes this car stand out. It's weight ratio makes it a dream to push to the edge of it's limits. The suspension is tight and you never get a feeling of not being in control, to me it's the perfect car!
I've traditionally loved sports cars or sporty cars. As a graduation gift, I bought my wife a new 2000 Civic SI. After having a baby though, I started to look at a few sports sedans as replacements.     I really like Honda's, but I really wanted an all wheel or rear wheel drive car. Since I already have a Subaru, I figured rear wheel drive is a must, and I was looking for a pure 5 speed, no tiptronics for me.    The IS300 is a very well balanced car, steering is sharp and handling is crisp. It rides a bit firm for some, for me it could be a bit stiffer, but for a stock application it is great. We test drove a RX-8, which I think is a great car. However, there was not much mid range punch. If the car was for me I might have bought the RX-8. However, my wife never really even enganged the VTEC in the Honda Civic SI, so the IS300 definately has much more low to mid range punch.     Styling has as much importance to me as features, and the 4 door Infinity G35 is just ugly to me. The 2 door is a different beast, but we need the 4 doors.     The IS300 doesn't get much love in the general public, but that creates a great used market. I bought my IS300 for around 23k and it only had 33k in miles. HID headlights, side airbag curtains, traction control, and ABS (another reason I wanted an upgrade, the Honda had no ABS).     People complain about the rear seating room, but I'm of average height, at my seat position, folks have plenty of room in the rear.     The only thing lacking is power. Power is decent, but it's nothing an additional 40 horsepower couldn't fix. The engine is rather subdued, and with just bolt on parts, you can get about 40hp increase in power which would put it close to a lot of the current competitors. Since the engine is the same block as the last generation Supra, even more power is possible. Turbo applications would put this car in the BMW M3 class of performance at a fraction of the price.
     To say that the Lexus is a bargain at its price would certainly be a stretch, however it would not be unreasonable to say that this car offers exceptional value compared to other comparably priced automobiles.  The first thing that a driver will notice is the engine mapping/gearing that allows the car to pull away quickly from any situation.  Although its not quite as powerful as the Acura CL Type S the Lexus' design allows it to apply all of its power immediately without any wheelspin,a problem that Acura CL Type S owners have to contend with.         Likewise the Lexus IS 300's handling is superb with its small turning radius and seventeen inch Z rated tires.  This car inspires confidence in corners at any speeds.  Its grip on the roads is viselike,  although the soft compound use in the tire may also lead to accelerated wear as well.          The feedback from the steering is also exceptional, it lacks much of the understeer and artificial resistance incorporated into the steering of the BMW 328i.  Relatively light and true in nature the Lexus IS 300's steering allows the driver to quickly respond to whatever may be going on around him.  This steering can also be both a nuisance and a convinience on long trips because it takes little effort to keep the car guided on the road or highway resulting in the driver 'tuning out'.          Last but not least the interior is extremely comfortable and well appointed and could be a liability on long trips because the driver could become too comfortable.          In conclusion is an excellent car with immaculate handling and an interior thats far too well designed for the driver's own good.
Bumpin' stereo, decent amount of room without the car being a boat, rides smooth,                        very quiet, handles really well, interesting shift                        possibilities with the Eshift thing.  Doors shut                        with authority, good sightlines, super                        driveability.                          Downside was the gauge package was lacking                        readability, tach on wrong side and small, interior                        was a bit Toyota looking, especially the sun                        shades, they looked like they were out of a Tercel.                         Trunk a bit on small side, but full size spare.                         The tires will be pricey to replace, but par for                        the course on that sort of car.  Also don't                        understand the crappy fuel mileage (18/23?) for                        such a car.  If it had 275hp or something I'd                        understand sucking gas.  But it doesn't.  I could                        not get the tires to light up (Torsen rear optional                        and probably not on the 'base' car I drove) even                        with the traction control off.  But the car DOES                        haul ass pretty well in a luxury peformance sort of                        way.  Not a fan of automatics in sports sedans,                        but for 90% of the driving it would be fine.  The                        e-shift thing is OK, but I found the transmission's                        shifting to be too much luxury smooth and not                        enough performance crisp.  Too much slipping and                        oozing when you get it.  The car's chassis is very                        responsive and super, but the engine is better                        suited to a camery or something, needs to be pumped                        up a little.                          Wonder who will buy this car if its not a threat                        with that 215 hp engine?  I mean the Maxima with                        less $$ has 222hp, and prob. less LBS.  I give five                        stars on smooth ride, interior, fit & finish,                        dealer, standard equipment.  Drivetrain gets 3.5                        stars for being proven, smooth and flexible, but                        not hot enough for the promise of the chassis.                          Bottom Line:                         Too much Lexus, not enough BMW
I would definitely reccomend this car to anyone that loves to race, or just anyone that loves to drive a wonderful car.  This car can turn aggressively but easily at 70 mph.  It also can stop on a dime.  This car is reccomended 110%.
Absolutely love this car. I have had the IS for about two weeks and smile everytime I sit in it.  The ride is incredibly smooth and I haven't even begun to perform it to its max. (I'm still babying it)The interior is definitely different from a typical Lexus but has a very sporty feel to it.  I also enjoy both the cassette deck and in dash 6 disc changer.The exterior is awesome similar to that of a BMW with the front wheels set close to the front bumber.  I highly recommend the 17 inch low profile wheels that complete the stylish look of the car.I really enjoy both the look and feel of this car and as the second Lexus in the family would recommend a Lexus to anyone.
try to go get a BMW with leather, kickass stereo, heated seats, moonroof for $30,269. Thats what i paid for my black/black Is300. if you go get the BMW with the same options, get ready to pay 40 grand. And in my opinion the Lexus is a hotter looking car and its not played out like the BMW's. Rather be in this Lexus then a BMW 3 series. I love the car, draws alot of attention.  I really dont care about a manual transmission, very happy with the automatic. I dare anyone to find a better car for 30 grand, I bet you can't.
For 36K out the door, you can't beat a car that is first in quality and fun to drive. 
For those that are looking for performance I would recommend waiting for the 2002 model which will come equipped with a 5/6 MT and should beat the crap out of the competition in performance.  Besides that, this car is a very good buy for all the standard features that come with it.  Ride quality is fairly good considering the 17' wheels and low profile tires that come with it.  The car's styling and toys should reach its target audience of young males from 25 - 35 (which is me).  But for about $35K you can't beat its value.  Should have waited for the MT but love the car either way.  If you get this car, be ready for all the young guns out there who will try to get you to race with them.  If you're looking for a luxury car get the Lexus ES300, Acura's, or Mercedes.  But if you want a car that's fun to drive then choose the IS300.
If you are looking for a sport sedan like Audi A4, BMW 3-Series,MB C-Class, Acura TL...etc.. make sure you test drive this one also.....
I was recently in the market for a new car and after much researching had decided that the BMW 3 series were the ideal choice for me.  It never occurred to me to consider Lexus because my parent owns a LS400 and I didn't like the soft steering.  The IS300 is a new model for the U.S. and I haven't noticed many on the streets yet.After test driving the BMW 330Ci, I was impressed by the car but was disappointed by the high price and arrogant salesman.  In addition, I wasn't sure about the quality and reliability of the bimmer after hearing so many stories of problems and defects with the car.  A friend then recommended that I take a look at the IS300 and it was love at first sight.  The exterior styling is absolutely beautiful, though I never thought I would buy a four door sedan.  After test driving the car, I was equally impressed by the IS300 as I was with the BMW 330.  There were not much difference in terms of acceleration, handling and breaking.  The IS300 actually had firmer steering, feels lighter and was more fun to drive.  When it was time to decide on which car to buy, the IS300 was definitely the better choice.  It was more reasonably priced and Lexus is well known for their superior quality, reliability and services.I have had the car for over a month now, and absolutely have no regrets.  There have been no problems with the car and the service at the Lexus dealership was first rate.  Driving have never been so much fun.  I recommend the IS300 for younger people (under 35) or for those that wants to feel young at heart.
I test drove the new Lexus Is300 and I have nothing but good things to say. The car drives smooth, handles the curves, clutch engages smoothly, 'sigh' i love this car.
I decided to test drive the IS on the recommandation of alot of my friends.     I previously drove a GS300. The IS300 is part of the Lexus family for sure: ride is very very smooth. I took the car around the block and then onto the freeway to see what it can do. The 3.0L Inline 6 responds very very quickly, low end was very impressive; The car moves very swiftly through the gears. The ride remains quiet and very comfortable.    The only reason I'm going with a 350Z is performance reasons.
i just wanted to say that the guy who calls himself questro or wat ever is full of sh*t, if i find out who he is, id kick him in the balls, this car is amazing, all ive put on it is a body kit and rims, it handles like a dream and shifts better than any car ive driven,
This is a fully functional babe laying machine! Women dig it! Superb engine and transmission. The BMW 330 is marginally better mechanically in that the engine feels more powerful and the shifter is more telepathic. But the bimmer is almost 9k more! But the lexus has more cool gadgets like the z rated tires, 6 disc in dash changer, digital compass, smog sensor
I’m 20 years old, been saving for the last year an a half for my car. Before I bought the Lexus is 300, I drove a Honda crx si with a GSR motor. I can’t compare the speed with the Lexus is 300, the crx was way faster, but the Lexus is 300 is a smoother ride for a long trip. The great thing about the Lexus is first it comes with a factory sport suspension and with an inline 6 for the quiet ride that it is.
Nice car. Entertaining, comfortable, and cool.  People think it costs more than it does, which I don't like. I don't understand mileage complaints, I'm getting 20-21MPG in town with the 5-speed, and I drive this car hard.  Handles well, very quiet and smooth, lots of torque. This car seems to say ' No need to prove anything, just get there quickly and enjoy the ride  ', whereas my Integra GS-R seemed to be egging me on to the top of its nearly 8000 RPM redline.  Seems to be built better than european sedans, but not as pretentious. People who want status conferred to them by their car will not appreciate this vehicle.   People who enjoy driving will enjoy this vehicle
I purchased an Absolutely Red 2002 IS-300 on October 3, 2001 5-speed trading in a 1998 BMW M3 4-door sedan 5-speed.    I am just now getting the car broken in, I have had is a couple of weeks and have about 800 miles on it.    Remember, I am coming from a M3. I had previously test driven a 2001 automatic and the 2002 5-speed is much better!    The IS 300 rides much better and quieter than the M3. The IS 300 has a taunt sporty suspension ,but it is not punishing. The M3 actually had a rough ride and was uncomforatble to drive much more than an hour. The M3 was fairly quiet on the highway, but the Lexus is very quiet.    The stereos are comparable: the M3 had a Harmon-Kardon and the the IS 300 has a excellent 240watt stereo. I think both stereos are high level and would satisfy even audiophiles. The controls are well layed out in the IS-300.    The steering is taunt and the handling is very good in the IS-300.  The M3 would act squirrelly with heavy accleration in rain or sleet in first or second gear. Haven't given the IS 300 WOT yet, but under moderate accelration in the rain it actually seems to handle better. My advice from experience keep very good Z- rated quality performance tires on the car with good rain grip even though the tread life is less. I put Toyo Proxy FZ4 tire on the M3 and they were good in dry weather and marginal at best in wet weather even though they were A rated and did appear to be wearing very well.    The IS 300 comes with fairly stout Z-rated tires Bridgestone Potenza RE040 215/45-17. I will either cotninue using these or replace when worn with Bridgestone Potenza S-03 Pole Position , which have excellent wet and dry traction and handling or Dunlop SP sport 9000s which have very good traction and longer wear and are quieter. Keep good rate Z tires on the iS300.      The IS 3000 interior is balck escaine leather with 35% window tin and the platinum package. The interior is modern (chronograph gages rotary HVAC controls) but I like it. It is warmer and more luxriuos than the BMW's The escaine leather is very good at holding you firm around corners. I f I hard ordered I would have gotten the full leather but I think I like the escaine a lot better; it grips and it will be warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer.    Only bad point gas mileage looks like it will be only 16-18 with mixed city/highay driving.
THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST CAR I HAVE EVER DRIVEN.  I TRADDED IN A 91 CORVETTE THAT WAS MINT.  AND I HONESTLY HAVE MORE FUN DRIVING THE LEXUS.  THE SERVICE AND PEOPLE YOU DEAL WITH ARE SECOND TO NONE.  CAR HAS A GREAT RIDE AND MEAN STANCE.  I GET AS MANY COMPLIMENTS WITH THE ABSOLUTE RED PAINT JOB AS I DID WITH THE VETTE.  I WAS ALL FOR THE BMW 3 SERIES UNTIL I TOOK ONE GOOD LOOK AT THE IS 300.  IT JUST LOOKS BETTER. IMAGE IS EVERYTHING LEXUS IS #1
I bought a top of the line brand new honda civic when I was 18. Now I am 21 and I got this car. It's a big jump but its worth it. my car was 29,183 with the escaine package. The chrome rims and spoiler made it a little over 30 G's, not bad! I don't have problems with the throttle yet. It drives smooth. I got the grey color since know one really has it. I love all the little sport accessories like the pedalsand door moldings. The car looks like a young person's car but it is technically a LEXUS. I love how everyone looks at me and tries to race me. Yes I'm a young girl in a Lexus.I even had a cop pull me over just to ask how much I payed for the car. Everyone wants my car even my dad. The radio is all right but not comparable to my upgraded system in my other car. I highly doubt it would beat after markets like many people have wrote. I know it looks like a souped up jetta but its not and wont have the German car electric problems. I think this car is well worth the money. When they had my car next to the es300 and gs300, I seriously thought my car looked better. The gs is played out and the es is 4 old people. The sport shift is fun but if you really like stick get a real one you wont be satisfied.
Great car, awesome looks, great handling, chick magnet for sure. I get as many looks in this ride as I did when I got a new 300ZX in high school ! I have owned over 30 cars in my life and this one is the best. The idiots who keep posting the crap about this being a gay car must have an insecurity problem with their own manhood...grow up man !
Nice ride, GREAT A/C, strong engine
With 215 hp, that bleeping rear drive system :-) and a cool body shell, which is better than Shane McMahon's 325i, this car has enough power to make Amy Dumas blush! You see, that's not the case with the IS300. Race-inspired transmission, and really good braking, it's no Corvette, that's for sure. I've heard rumors that the attack on the 3-series is said to include a coupe and a convertible. Overall, you seem to notice that the IS300 is going to be a 2-door sports car in 2003. When I first saw this car, I fell in love. IS300 is so cute! I cannot believe it. (reviewer starts to think Chandra is in there) Whoops! Out of space.
you people dont have to hate it, its really not bad. my little brother just got his. for me its just 2 ok, we went ot vegas in it 4 hrs, the driving part was no problem.    plus for are of u paid over 25k, sorry, but sucks for u.
I love this car. I looked at everything under the sun and got a deal on a 2002 that I could not pass up. Everytime I drive the car I have a grin on my face (and it still has the snow tires on it). The best part is its quiet and comfortable when needed (commuting) and a true sports car when you feel like having some serious fun.  Despite pervious comments I don't find it too bad in snow (snow tires, TRAC, Limited Slip and VDC sure help)
I just bought a Solar Yellow 2002 IS300 yesterday with nearly 22,000 miles on it. I have noticed a couple things and if anyone else is having the same problem please let me know. I want to know if this is normal before I take it into the dealership but it is a MANUAL transmission and Reverse gear is a little hard to get into. Is this a safety precaution so that it isnt shifted into Reverse by accident or is it supposed to slide is easily like all the other gears do? Email me please: GopeddingNick@lycos.com I have only put 200 miles on the car but it is definitely solid. Another thing, when I pull out of my driveway, something always makes a quick 'click' noise. Don't know if thats normal either. The Idiots @ Lexus armor-alled my engined before it was given to me and got some on the belt so for the next week I have to listen to the squeaky belt. Sounds bad. Does anyone know of a great sounding exhaust system for this car? The Solar Yellow color draws all sorts of attention. Its great. The inline 6 has a LOT of power. Feels much more powerful than a BMW 325i. I would reccommend buying this vehicle but I will post another report of it after I drive it more. Xenons light up the road very well at night.
I bought the Graphite IS300 used with only 10k on it. I was originaly looking at 1999/2000 GS300's but for the same price I decided to go with the 02 IS300. I love the handeling, but a little more horsepower (Like at least 50) wouldn't hurt. Overall I love the car; nice clean lines, comfortable ride for a sports sedan, great sound system.
I love this car, it is the best ive ever driven. Again, I love it!
I BOUGHT MY LEX A LITTLE LESS THAN A YEAR AGO. IT IS GRAPHITE GRAY WITH THE LEATHER ESCAINE PACKAGE. I AM 20 YEARS OLD AND THE GIRLS MY AGE ARE IN LOVE WITH THE LEX. SINCE I HAVE HAD THE CAR I HAVE PUT A TRD CARBON FIBER GRILLE, TRD SHIFTER, BODY KIT, AND SOME SICK LOOKING 19' INCH RACING RIMS. I ALSO GOT PERSONALIZED PLATES THAT SAY ROLNLEX. THIS CAR IS THE BEST OUT THERE. IT IS A REAL HEAD TURNER!!!
I am leasing a 5-speed. Have had it for 9 months. I look forward to every opportunity I have to drive this car; it is that fun. I'm excited to hear they may make a V8 (IS400?), but if they don't, I'll be happy to buy this car at lease end. The stock sound system sounds great. My two kids (ages 14, 11) fit comfortably in the back seats. This is really the first performance car I've owned (age 47) and it is an absolute riot to drive. I live on edge of city... country roads are right out my back door and this car loves to cruise them. The dealer told me I'd need to get winter tires so I did... Blizzaks on a different set of wheels. Last winter they performed quite well in numerous snowy commutes, but the rear wheel drive still makes it a bit slippery. Just take it easy in these conditions and you'll be fine. The rear wheel drive feels fantastic in the other 3 seasons. Fun to sit at stoplights and have young guys with their souped-up Civics looking at my car wishing they had something that nice. I program computers and could afford more car but I just like the looks of this car, so I got it. Another nice thing about this car is that at least in Madison WI, there aren't many of them. Only other car I would want would be IS400 (if ever made) or BMW M3 but that is quite pricey. Finally, I got the leather/escaine interior. Escaine is stickier than leather so you stay put in the seat when taking 90 degree corners at 40mph. It's very comfortable too and not as hot as leather.  I got heated power seats and sunroof, but no navigation system because I like reading maps.
The car is definitely sporty, fast, aggressive, nice exterior, and its 4 door (though its a lil tight in the rear)i drive it as much as i can, i wanted this car since it was known as Altezza in Japan, still have it and still love it, sports cars are meant to be driven fast (but wit nyc roads alignment will be needed later on)not much aftermarket products for it though unlike ma other cars (honda's and acuras) i was able to take it to any mechanic for oil change or just simple maintenance but wit the is300 i have to take it to the dealer due to the type of oil it consumes wit this car it has cost me more in maintaining it (gas, oil, brakes, etc..) if u plan on purchasing this car u must change the tires (the low profile factory ones keep for the summer and buy u winter tires ) to ALL SEASON tires i urge u all due to many accidents occured that is somthin they never will tell u for those purchasing the vehicle.
After having my IS 300 for 18 months and 28,000 miles I got the urge to test drive a new car. So Saturady I test drove a 2004 Mazda RX8. When I got back into my Lexus I again realized why I bought the Lexus in the first place. It's a superior car. Although the body styling of the RX8 is more attractive, the interior is inferior, less spacious and noisier.     I hate to disagree with the other reviewers but I got to say that I have not experienced any of the problems they refer too. My black leather interior still looks like new. There are no scratches on the interior surfaces and I still find the layout of the dash and instrument cluster aethestically appealing and easy to navigate. I should also add that I share this car with my 18 year old son, which is in itself a testament to the car's durabilty.
I love my IS300. My hubby owns an ES300, which we bought preowned with 16K miles. Their service was GREAT! They loan you a car for even the slightest noises or problems. He is approaching 100K miles on his car. My car has 41K and it is still running great! I love driving it. I wish that the interior was not so cheap looking and also the noise level is high on the highway. I have to turn up the radio to hear. There are also some noises in the dash, which can't be identified.
I love my IS300. My hubby owns an ES300, which we bought preowned with 16K miles. Their service was GREAT! They loan you a car for even the slightest noises or problems. He is approaching 100K miles on his car. My car has 41K and it is still running great! I love driving it. I wish that the interior was not so cheap looking and also the noise level is high on the highway. I have to turn up the radio to hear. There are also some noises in the dash, which can't be identified.
Without a dought the best car I have ever owned. Best combo of power, handling and overall performance; all with toyota/Lexus legendary reliability. A head turner. Sporty interior motif and great sound system too. A lot of potential for after market performance (2JZ-GE SUPRA MOTOR...'nough said).
Awesome car! The styling is so different from other Lexus cars. Definitely the sportiest model. There is not much to say bad about this car. The handling and performance are great. About the only beef I have is with the tires. The radio barely drounds the the drone. The wind noise is pretty bad too. I had a 2003 ES300 loaner car and that car was whisper quiet even at 90. Overall this may be the most fun to drive car I've ever owned.
I did a lot of research before buying my Lexus IS300 and it was the best car purchase I have ever made. I got the upgraded interior, fully loaded, custom chrome wheels, wood trim, and spoiler. The car handles well at 120 mph, very smooth, but once it goes past 110 mph its a more drawn climb to increase the speed. I have spoke with the Lexus machanics and they have told me this is a very reliable car and they have seen these engines with over 260,000 miles still going strong. The engine is same as Toyota used in the Supra for past ten years. This is a quality car, with style, luxury, speed, and just fun to drive. Lexus is also a name worth buying since the company treats their customers with world class service and that is important.
My first Lexus. I took advantage of the $399 dollar a month lease offered by Lexus. They beat both Acura and BMW in price and options avaible. I got the car for my wife. I wanted a safe, but still a stylish car with performance that I would enjoy driving, when allowed. It holds up to most of my expectations. I really like the interior styleing of the instrument cluster, aluminum pedals, etc. I have no real complaints, as far as what the car is meant to be. But, I say 'BUT.' It is not a race car. Even with it''s take off of 'Triptronic shifting.' It is not a Porsche by any means. Good passing ability on the freeway, but would have a hard time keeping up with any true sports car in the twisties.' In reality it 'Looks' faster than it is. The engine out powers the chassis when pushed. And it isn''t like it has 450 horsepower. I guess that is why it has an almost 'Cadillac' feel on the highway.    In closeing, good looking, fair performance, reliabilty, I hope. Good compact luxry car for those who want the edge of a performance look. But don''t buy one thinking you are going to have a true sports machine. You''ll look silly loseing a road race to a normally asperated ''87 mazda RX-7. Not to mention a true european sports car.
I love the car. Its a has everything I need styling,performance,stereo. I wanna a 5 speed now
Having had the IS300 for over a year now I can honestly say that it took me eight months before I was comfortable really pushing the car anywhere close to it's limits.  The IS300 is an absolute screamer around sharp corners,I usually apply just a touch of brake before going in and then apply full throttle and I still haven't even pushed the car 80 or 90% grip, it's that stable!  The Lexus is an absolute wonder in traffic with it's combination of excellent feedback, grip and acceleration it's very easy to make tight and quick passes while driving to work.  With traction control engaged the Lexus has awesome wet weather stability and behaves predictably and confidently while attempting to pass slower traffic on rain soaked highways.   There are some people who say that there are better values out there,however even after having the Lexus for over a year I am still exploring the IS300's very high handling limits.  I find it difficult to believe that anyone who has ever taken an IS300 close to 80% of it's performance envelope would not be impressed.   Admitedly there are many cars which can get you from point A to B for far less,but unless your willing to explore the IS300 performance envelope,it's probably best to stick with a Honda Civic.  The IS300 is a car built for those who truly appreciate driving and are willing to push the performance envelope even slightly.
I have had my IS for about 8 months now and absolutely love it.  First of all the buying experience when dealing with Lexus is second to none.  The car itself is rock-solid.  I love driving it and have a perpetual smile on my face as I take corners.
The ultimate Generation-X car. Young guys go ape over it, especially in yellow. Most of the people driving it are less than half my age (49). The most distinctively styled gauges I've ever seen. This car hopefully will take some of the arrogance away from the BMW crowd....a very stubborn group.
The car of my dreams!!! love racing all the haters around driving there over priced beamers and audi's. The IS is one of the most beautiful cars on the market. Especially if compared to bmw and audi (lower-cased because of the lack of respect for the 3 series unless it an 'M-series' and audi sux,it has a cute badge though). Back on the IS 300, Girls love it, Guys love it. Havent really ever heard anything really worth saying bad about the car because it has been nothing but a wonderful experience since i purchased it. After Im done with my upgrades and knick knacks on the car, it will be the best looking car on the market. So to all you IS haters, get a life. Dont hate, participate. Because no matter what you guys say this car is still gone sell just because it an 'L'. 3 series drivers! watch out for me out there, cause im coming for ya! 
This car handles fantastically. It is smooth and quiet. Considered the BMW, but it could not compare to the lexus. The E-shift is awesome. I am young enough to enjoy the performance with the class the car has.
5 star rating--handling, wheel quality, and stereo rock. to steve from mesa, sounds like you are terrible driver. perhaps you should learn to drive a 5 speed, instead of purchasing a automatic sports sedan and then driving it like a soccor mom
The car is an absolute amazing machine. The power you feel from the engine, and the hadling the car posseses. The car incredibly jumps from 45 MPH to 90 MPH in a matter of 3 seconds. The breaking is amazing and the smoothness of the car is unprecidented. 
I love this car.  Lots of fun driving.
Overall, I love this car. I find myself going places with no particular destination. I especially like the nice blend of luxury and sportiness. While you are driving it, you get typical qutie and smooth ride you would expect from lexus brand and also, you have 215hp plenty of power that you get a sports car like performance.Even the exterior design is sporty with somewhat luxury look.I have considered BMW 325i for its brand and styling, but after I hear so many complains about little defects, i couldn't rely on BMW's engineer. also, BMW cost more for weaker engine. I think I have made a good purchase over above similar cars, and my love for this car grows as I'm driving more and I think this is very important. Anyone looking to purchase IS300,  you won't regret your choice.
I went through about 6 months of car purchacing hell and the day i strolled across lexus's website, i instantly fell in love. I was very into the bmw 3 series and test drove a 325i and definatly liked the ride. When i went to test drive the IS300 though, the bmw went right out of my mind. Everything about the IS300 is incredible, from the chronograph dash, to the in dash six cd changer. I think the escane/leather combo seats are awsome. They hold you in when you are in a hard corner and boy does this car handle well in those hard corners. The acceleration is impressive though not the top i have seen. The 330i beats it in 0-60 but bear in mind the lexus only comes in automatic. I have strong feelings that the 2002 manual will beat the bmw in road tests. Overall i am incredibly happy with this car and trust me, the happy feeling when you first get this car, never seems to go away. It is definatly a head turner.
I am a avid car racer and tuner.  I am tweaking my Lexus to the max.  If the car has a flaw, I will find it, if it has a potential, I will exploit it.
Worthy bmw 3 serie fighter. Definately a great choice at its price but not a subsititue for the M series.
I've owned the car for about 3 months now.  It was first purchased as a substitute to the 3-series that I really wanted, but wasn't quite ready to spend the $$$ on.  The more I drive my IS, the more it grows on me.  Some may say it looks like a glamourized Civic.  I can only see that from an aesthetic standpoint.  Mechanically, it is worth every penny.  This is a find piece of machinery.  The fine mechanical balance of this car makes all its shortcomings easy to bear.The sticker price on mine was $34K and change, but I was able to get it for $29700 plus tax & license.  I also splurged for extended warranty, bringing the out-the-door total to $33K.  
When the IS300 were first spawned, editors and enthusiasts laughed about it being a 3Series competitor.  Now they have realized, it IS a true competitor.  The IS300's steering feel and handling is much better than a 3Series in my opinion.  The braking of the 3Series is no match for the IS300.  The reason I got (traded my E36 M3 for it) the IS300 over the 3Series was its unique styling and value, there's no other car in its category that is as good of a value for the money.  Test drive one, and you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.  Also, a lot of people do not like the interior of the IS300.  As for me, I love it, very unique, and the ecsaine/leather seat grips VERY WELL.  I've had this car for almost nine months now, no regrets.  My other cars are fun to drive also, nothing can beat a car that can pack 4-5 people and still go around corners doing a little fish tailing!:)
As a 20 year old in the market for my first car, this thing has blown me away.  I have decided to definitely take a loan out from the bank for 9K so I can get any unexpected repairs fixed.  THe rest of the money comes from working for the past 12 years and not spending one damn dime of it!  I always had my heart set on a Jeep, cause off-roading is fun, but this cas sets the men from the boys, and I realized its time to stop playing in the mud, and burning some of those Honda Accords off the road.
This is a really nice car that 'drives' like a piece of garbage. And you would say the SAME THING had you shelled out $33,000 for a car that jerks you down the road while you're driving.Specifically, I am talking about what Ira from Fairfax (below) so accurately describes as 'dethrottling'. Imagine your accelerating away from a stop light. I'm not talking 'Speed Racer' antics here, just a normal rise in speed. Then the guy in front of you hit's the brakes, so you quickly let off of the accelerator. When you do that, the engine rpm begins to act like a yo-yo. It drops WAY down, then comes back up. The car actually lurches a little; almost feeling like you manually shifted the tranny into a lower gear.But, if you just happen to hit the accelerator while the engine rpm is at's it's lowest point (before bouncing back up), WHOOSH!! Off you go!! Twice - I almost rear-ended the person in front of me! This problem seems especially evident first thing in the morning whenthe engine is cold. But it has happened to me several times afte driving the car for an hour.And I experienced the same line of BS (from my dealership) that Ira did; 'that's how drive-by-wire is'. And the Lexus techician that rode along with me (to help diagnose the problem) said, 'If you think THIS is bad, you should drive a GS400/430!'. What!?? Let me warn you all RIGHT NOW. This car has a problem. And I REALLY would NOT buy one until Lexus develops a fix for it.And that's a shame because this car is hot! But what good is all that when you can't enjoy driving it? Lexus, I HOPE you're listening.
I love this car!  It rides smooth, but tight...just like I want a true sports sedan to ride.  This baby turns heads too.  Not just young punks, or mid-yuppies, but everybody....including those 65+ Mercedes owners.  If you're looking for a 'luxury line' car and don't want to pay (or can't pay) $50K or more....this is the car for you.  It's perfect.
Bottom line: Buying the IS300 is the best decision I ever made.This car handles like a dream. It rips around corners. It punches from a stop like a lion bursting out of a cage. I had no intention of buying another sports car, and every attention of buying a luxurious car in which I can mature with (I'm 24),... and I got both in the IS. I can't ask for anything better.At first I was concerned that the IS300 was not going to rub off like a traditional Lexus would. But who gives? If you are looking at the IS, it is because you would not be caught dead in a ES... and you're too young for a GS. This car may not be a Lexus in the traditional sense... but it is every bit of a Lexus in my opinion. All the gadgets are there. The clutter chronograph is cool. The ammenities are straight forward and neccesary. No complaints on the interior design.The IS300 is also an eye catcher. I didn't want a car that would flaunt around like a new Rolex, but this car has caught so many second glances. Today I even got a bunch of blondes on the 405 give me the thumbs up out of their window as I passed them by. (Extra bonus!)So, perfect score!
   The car is good, but not great. It has too many shortcomings and that annoying hesitation described above. Give me a BMW.
It came down to either the Acura or the IS-300.  Both the BMW and Mercedes dropped out because I was concered about expensive upkeep.  What difference does it matter if they might be better, if they are more expensive to maintain, and are in the shop more often?  I wasn't able to find any proof of this, but it all came down to asking, 'Who will make a more reliable car, BMW, Mercedes, or Lexus?'Deciding between the Lexus and Acura was tougher.  I hate to say it, but, looks do count.  I openly admit that on paper, the Acura wins hands down.  You get more for less.  But the looks.  I suppose some like it, but it was just too plain for me.  And I wasn't about to spend good money after bad replacing the wheels.  If the Lexus deal had fallen through, we would have gone for the Acura.  It was just that, 'She has great features and such ho-hum looks... just hope she knows how to cook...'We can sum it all up with this:  We feel like some rich person accidentally left their car in our driveway.  We're just happy to own such a fine piece of machinery.
If you've got between £20-25000 to spend, get the Lexus
a gs300 would suite my needs a lot more than the is300, but the gs300 is just so dam boring looking and drives boring too.  i really wanted a s2000 or boxster but i needed a everyday car so it was between the 325, a4 and 9-3. i also needed an automatic cause i live in the bay area and will be stuck in traffic alot.  the automatic of the IS is so much smoother than the a4, 325i, or 9-3.  this car suites 90% of my needs and is perfect for my immature asss.  time will tell if the looks of this car will wear thin. the beamer and audi have proven that their looks have not worn over time cause they basically look like the older versions of their own and those still look good.  and remember, bmw's are just like porcupines, except for the beamer, the pricks are on the inside.  ha ha ha
Hello everyone. Currently, we own TWO IS300s. We have a Yellow 2002 Manual with 25,000 miles on it. The ONLY 'problem' with this car is a mild rattle from dash when going over 75. With no other problems, we purchased a Bluestone Metallic 2004 in October which now has 900 miles on it.     The main reason to buy an IS300 over a BMW or Audi is simply the reliablility record. Check out consumer reports. Audi and BMW both have HORRIBLE reliability. A friend of mine has a 6 month old 330Ci which has already broken down in the middle of traffic TWICE.     The IS300 may not have the same power found in the 330 (but its close), nor the same handling, but it does have a much better reliability record and in my opinion, looks better. Lexus also offers much better service quality over BMW.    Now, the best part is that the IS300 uses the SAME engine that was in the last generation Supra (minus the Turbo) That being said, there are uncountable custom options available. You can easily tune this engine to smoke any BMW. There are a lot of aftermarket parts.     By the way, the IS uses a I-6 engine, not the same one found in the Camry, RX300, ES300, GS300 etc... which is a V6, as some people have said.     The only downside I have noticed with these vehicles is relatively poor fuel economy. The Blue IS only sees Los Angeles traffic and gets 14.5 miles per gallon (not good at all) BOTH are 5-Speed Manuals. The Yellow one sees an even mix of highway and city driving and averages 20mpg both on Premium fuel. But most people like me who buy this car arent looking for just fuel economy, its about restoring the passion of driving.    I test drove everything else out there. Every time I get back into my Lexus, I know I made the right choice, no doubt. Hopefully the IS430 will be out next year (so far its looking good) and this will knock away most audi and bmw sales.     0-60 in 6.7 seconds with the stick and 7.2 with automatic is far from slow. Some people are complaining about a lack of power? I havent experienced this but more power is always more fun. This is where the IS430 will steal everyones' heart.    Overall for 30 grand there is not a better all around vehicle out there. The IS has Japanese build quality but does NOT have the typical Japanese conservative design (camry, es300, etc..)     In additing to all these, there are also many IS300 'clubs' which allow owners to communicate with one another and locate parts that you may want.      Anyway down to my final words. In the performance sedan category, the IS beats the pants off of the Acura TSX and Audi A4 in terms of power and I would take it over any 3-series just for the fact that its cheaper, looks better and is more reliable. Just think, with the extra 5 grand you save not buying a 330, you can get a supercharger for the IS pushing it into M3 territory.      Couldn't be happier with my IS300s. If anyone has any questions about them/ thinking about getting one contact me and maybe I can help a little more.      Xenons work great at not and arent blinding to other drivers like the courteous BMW designers who believe part of driving is blinding other drivers with your headlights.      Solid THUNK when doors shut (good build quality)     The handling is incredible     My only gripes are very minor: I do wish the dashboard was slightly re-made. It looks a little cheap for a 30 grand car but thats very minor     Stick shift needs a 6th gear    As someone else has said, the deistinct figure of the car allows you to spot it from blocks away. Gotta love that (I hate blending into the other cars out there)
My Family has always bought from Toyota because they are dependable. I love our cars ( we have had 8 toyotas, The IS is our 9th toyota product) but i have always looked foward to moving up to a Lexus. We finally purchased an IS and love it. It totaly blew away my father and I's expectations. The suspension is smooth yet firm, the clutch stiff but not overly heavy, and the gearbox(5spd) is nice and tight. I love the inline 6, not a very common engine( same 6 as the Mark 4 supras). It is a great sports sedan.
In November of 2002 I purchased a Lexus IS300 with an E shift automatic transmission, full leather package, rear deck spoiler and just about every option other then navigation. Please consider that I have only driven the car less the 350 miles and therefore can not state that the car is fully broken in. I also own a 1999 Lexus GS400 and a 2003 GS300, all purchased brand new. The first thing that attracted me to the Lexus IS300 was its impecable styling. This is the first Lexus I have ever seen that I could sincerely aver that I like the looks of the car. I have owned many Mercedes Benz and BMW sport sedans and coupes and really like the european styled automobiles. The Lexus IS300 reminds me a lot of a BMW M3, especially when driving it. If handling is a big concern of yours, the IS300 handles like a formula one race car but yet the ride is extremely smoother then most of its competition. The inline six cylinder engine produces 215-220 horsepower at the crank and in my opinion loses a good 40+ horse power getting it to the rear wheels. 0-60mph and top end performance is very disappointing with the IS300. I have not driven the five speed version and imagine that a five speed would help out quite a bit. Comparing the E shift transmission of the IS300 versus the GS300 and GS400, a big difference is noticed. In that the GS300 and GS400 have a very smooth and prompt respsonse when shifting up and down through the gears where the IS300 is slow and leaves you with the impression that the transmission is slipping. In the regular drive mode, shifting is smooth, precise and quiet; very much like an LS400, SC300 and SC400 if you were to compare the three cars. Engine and road noise are relatively low and attest to the quality that Lexus builds in to each and every car they manufacture. Steering is very precise and responsive. One of the cars best attributes is it handling and responsiveness. The braking system is more then adequate and will stop the car from 70mph in a very short distance. Interior features are sparce. The upper dash looks cheap and resembles a cheaper Honda or Toyota design. Definitely ugly. The shifter knob is an ugly chrome ball that went in the trash can the first day I owned the car. Ferrari style? I don't get it! The sound system now built my Samsung is definitely impressive for a stock radio. I have read reviews complaining about the back speakers but wonder if who ever made such a comment is tone death. Believe me the Mark Levinson I have in the new GS300 and the Nakamachi I have in the GS400, will not out class the stock radio in the IS300. The IS300 offers a very sporty looking set of full instrumention but is hard to see durring the day. Overall, if Lexus was to redesign the upper dash and fit the car with a leather or wood shift knob, the overall appearance of the interior would not disappoint many when you consider the car sells for 30k or less. Consider the second to none service of Lexus and this car will make many BMW and Mercedes owners take a very hard look at Lexus. A BMW killer, no. The 330 will out run this car and stay with it in the corners but for 10,000 dollars less the IS300 is definitely a very close second. You have to laud Lexus for ease of owner servicing of the vehicle and for its many safety features. In a nutt shell, for 30k dollars there is nothing on the market that will out handle this car or beat its quality. If you can live with a little less luxury then you would be use to in most Lexus and German manufactured vehicles, the IS300 is an excellent choice.
I don't own an IS 300, but I know this car very well because I work for a Lexus dealer in San Diego (Lexus Kearny Mesa). I work in the service department. One of the things I do is Pre-Delivery Inspections(PDI) on Lexus that come straight from the factory and I've inspected many IS 300's and they are very nice and has great horsepower to lay some rubber out on the street all under control with the very convienient VSC (Vehicle Stability Control). I speak for others when I say this is car the cr to have and forget about it's competition.
I just bought the IS 300 a week ago, and this car is great. shifts smoothly, pick up is incredible. the car is so stable above 80 mph. to tell u guys the truth, you won't even notice that u're at 100 mph, that is how stable it is
    Overall it is a cute car...as my female friend state.  And many times it is mistaken for those Honda Accords/Civics with the same type of taillight (very boy-racer ish).  I do like the car (always admired Toyoto reliability, and come from a Toyota family).   I've had this since last July, and tacked on almost 19k miles.    Anyway, since having owned the BMW E46 (which the IS300 is rivaling), I must say I do enjoy the high tech gadgetry in the BMW.  I was so used to those, that the IS300 seemed 'basic' and optionless.  Personally, I think Toyota, rushed the designing of this car to compete with BMW 3 series.      As you can see from the above strengths and weakenesses, there are many things that differentiate the two cars.  One luxury and the other sport. But the worse qualm I have is the lumbar support..by back is killing me on long drives.  My Ferrari 355 has better seat support than this...and I can sit comfortable for hours...and have fun too :)    Sorry, but later this year, I'll trade in the IS300 and I'm planning on getting a 2002 BMW 330ci - manual trans!! (I miss the high tech toys).  But the Lexus is an awesome car if you like the refinement and the luxury nature of a lexus.  Get the IS 300.
The car is the bomb!!!  
First off, to all the pro European enthusiasts (BMW) out there, who want to take cracks at the IS, and talk about acceleration lag etc.........learn how to drive it. This isnt your lackluster 3 series BMW, this car demands to be driven. I have not experienced any of the lag that everyone is complaining about, but that probably is because I dont drive it like granny would. It is a head turner, it is unique,and I dont happen to see 1 every 5th car like I seem to with a certain Bavarian car maker. If you are thinking about this car, and you like to drive, it is for you. If you want to have ANOTHER average car, go BMW. They are nice, but you will just blend in. In terms of service, Lexus hasnt let me down, I continuously get emails and calls from both the dealership,and Lexus. Sevice relates back to where you buy your car also. No defects or problems at all so far.
The reason I'm going to give it a five star rating is because it Simply kicks ass! 
I rate this car as the best car I've ever owned... it never ceases to amaze me... Every time I get in the car... a big grin crosses my face... and I realize how sweet the car is!  It commands attention... and demands to be driven.  I have no desire to drive another car!
As Darth Vader said, 'Most impressive.'  Lexus is turning into a car company with quite a performance image (the new SC 400, the GS 430, now the IS 300).  It only needs a manual with these cars to be fully there with the Bavarians, but if you need an automatic, this ain't a bad way to go.  
My final purchase decision was between the 328i and the IS300.  I found performance and handling to be similar.  Interior of the BMW is more refined.  I was won over by the lower price and sportier styling of the IS.  I was concerned about the risk in purchasing a new model and am currently dealing with such an issue.  My major disappointment is Lexus' current unwillingness to formally acknowledge that they have a problem with the ETCS component and effect a recall.
I researched my new car purchase for over a month, considering and rejecting a number of different makes and models.  I settled on the IS300 for a number of reasons.  It is quite different, which makes it stand out from the pack of other sports sedans, especially when you get it in Solar Yellow like I did.  The liked the seats, which were like the sports seats of the Contour SE I had driven for five years.  The Maxima felt larger (which it is), and I had less of a feel for where the car was on the road than with the IS300.  While most in my age group (I'm 37) seem to lean toward the BMW 3 series when you're talking about this kind of car, I think the quality of Lexus service will show that this is a good purchase.
The black color and chrome wheels caught my eye. It was a must have. My neighbor thought it cost $50,000. Sorry, I'm not that stupid.This car rips off the line. Lots of young bucks try to race me (why are Camaro drivers such basket cases?). I haul of the line with the manual transmission, and let them pass me after a block (I still am a good citizen).There are so few IS300's out there, that it is not just another Beemer (are all Beemer drivers frat boys or what?).This car is a study in quality. I am an engineer, and was blown away by this first year exhibition.
Had a 325 with sport package and a 328. The IS 300 is roughly equal performance for 10k less than a 330i. Great stereo and good firm handling. Missing lots of the luxury features you don't need... like auto wipers, computer,  the self dimming mirror in the BMW was a nice feature tho.
This car packs a punch. The acceleration is smooth and the engine purrs like a cat. You can make turns as if you were floating. The only trouble with this car is if you have the performance tires you need to change them into snow tires before driving in the snow. You may make frequent trips to the gas pump with this car. This is a great car for any young kid who likes speed or just wants to show off.
I use two words to describe this car...Bad Ass!  It's everything I was looking for and more.  All this comes from someone with regular access to the Benz C280, Audi A4, and the previously coveted BMW 328ci.  It's back to the drawing board for those fellas.InteriorYour bottom and your back will thank you.  The leather seats couldn't be any better. And there's plenty of room up front, I'm 6'1' 240 and have no problems.  Of course, I've yet to sit in the back cause that would mean that I'm not driving.  The instrumentation takes some getting used to, but after about 5 minutes behind the wheel I was fine with it.  The stereo pumps out some serious tune quality, and the in dash six disc changer allows changing hours of music without pulling over and hanging out in the trunk.Exterior StylingWhat's not to love?  The exterior is a real head turner.  I frequently have the IS300 parked next to the afore mentioned pretenders and it always solicites the most comments from passers by.  One guy offered to buy it on the spot.  I think I've given several innocent observers serious whiplash as I've blown by.  Which brings me to my next point...PerformanceRocket-like...this car throws you back into your seat and makes your heart skip a beat as soon as you step on the accelerator.  It's lose your license good.  The 17' rubber sticks to the road like glue and when they don't, the traction control kicks in.  Throw in the suspension and you have the best handling car in the group.  The E shift tranny is smooth as silk in automatic yet still allows you to take control with the manual option.  Only the Bimmer is in the same league...for 8 g's more, comprably equiped and a much harder ride.Overall'It doesn't get any better than this!'If you're in the market for a sport sedan, don't even waste your time.  Proceed directly to your nearest Lexus dealer for the thrill of a lifetime.
Save your money... I pondered the idea of the IS300 for a while... for 30 - 35k its too small, too light, eats too much gas, and isn't yet in the ballpark with the BMW 3-series.  Maybe the next generation IS300 will be more worthy of an opponent, but as of yet, the Japanese have a ways to go.  Also, if you are in this arena - stay tuned for the New AUdi A4.  If you are confused or have any questions, you can email me - I have done my research. escape@skyweb.net
Don't take my word for it!!!  Please, Please, before spendingyour hard earned money on a new vehicle, you need to at leasttest drive this thing.  Be sure to see the instrument panelat night.  Very nice!!
This car is the best value in price/performance in this class without a doubt.  After test driving the 2001 325i (wonderful car but much too expensive with similar options and see the comment above), the Audi A4 (just didn't grab me at all...boring) and the 2001 Merecedes 240 (tested with sport package...nice, but not as cutting edge as the IS), it was an easy decision for me.  I would definately agree with many of the publications I have read stating that the handling of this car is better then that of the BMW.  The claimed power differences are unnoticable to me.  So, would I recommend it to someone?  If you are a driving enthusiast who is tired of seeing BMW's around your neighborhood and you want something with a fresh new look that will run with the Bimmers on any road (and sometimes run away), this is the car for you.
I wouldn't recommend this car to many people.  In fact, the only people who I could see having a strong interest in the car are those who just want it for show. Grant it the styling is aggressive, taillights are cool, and pedals are metal, but if you are looking for a good car to drive I know for a fact there are better cars out there.
I was on the way to the Acura dealer to buy a TL (liked the CL-S performance but not the styling), but kept thinking about the cost of the upgrades I wanted to make  right away. Stereo $1,500 (stock sounds like a clock radio and is visually horrific), wheels/tires $1,350 (didn't like the factory wheels and the tires were inadequate for hard driving), sway bars $300, etc.  All this in a car  that I liked a lot but did not love.  We stopped at the Lexus dealer and it was love at first sit (yes, sit!).  For the test drive my wife was in front, two small kids and the salesman in back.  The only complaint was from the kids: they were getting squashed when I took hard turns at 70mph!The car had that glued-to-the-road feel without the harsh ride of the I30t, the sway of the TL and the skittishness of the Maxima.  Didn't go near the BMW dealer because of the price difference, and the A4 just didn't do it for me.All around great performer, and a value to boot.  I paid just under 33K including leather, moonroof, heated seats, trunk mat and wheel locks (all the cars on the lot were similarly equipped) and excluding tax.
I’ve just traded in my Stealth R/T for my IS 300 and I love it.  It’s not the monster my stealth was in acceleration but then we are talking a sedan.  Its acceleration is impressive and very satisfying.  Yeah, everybody with a hopped up Honda wants to race you, but that just goes to show what a hot looking car this really is; and yes, the IS300 beat a lot of those heavily modified cars and in luxury style to boot.Sound system?  It’s got to be the best stock systems out there. It simply sounds great.  Also love the idea of not having to hop out of my car in the rain to reload the CD cartridge in the trunk, because all you have to do to load it, is simply insert up to six CD’s right into the player not some stupid remote cartridge.The interior? It’s a wonderful match of luxury and sportieness (love the drilled aluminum petals).  The seats are supportive, comfortable and hold you tight, which is damn good thing, because this car inspires you to take corners fast.   Which brings me to what I think about how it handles.  The engine is silky smooth, strong and pushes the IS strongly right up to triple digits.  Shifts are amazingly smooth for an automatic, in fact, one of the best I’ve ever experienced.  However, if you enter corners too aggressively it will tend to over steer, but that is easily fixed by backing off the throttle a little (I’m hopping some bigger tires will tame this…225’s or 235’s).So why did I trade-in my Stealth for an IS300?  Well I’m married and my wife doesn’t drive a stick, as a result we can never swap cars for whatever reason.  So the best solution going was to get an IS300 with auto-manual.  I’m pleased she’s pleased everybody’s pleased.Wish list:Arm rest, more ponies, and a black upper grill to match the black lower grill.  Pretty much in that order.
best summary - a civic with 3000cc 215 hp engine and some great goodies..Nice looking car with interior that looks somewhat cheap in the day (It looks awesome in nights with its orange lighting). I am still babying this car, so i still don't know its full potential. But even under 4000rpm, it's very torquey and can beat most of the cars out there. It has amazing roadholding capability with 215/45-17 summer tire (performance tire usually used for drag racing stuff. a bit narrow, though). very tight turning ratio means it can corner quickly. only if it had more upscale interior and a bit more wider and lower...Anyway, I still very highly recommend it cause you just CANNOT buy this kind of car for under 35000. period. if you are looking for a performance sedan/coupe at this price range, try to take this one for a test drive. you migh even like what i hate about this car. 
Overall, the Lexus is just is amazing.  Aside from bringing back the fun in driving, I have had more comments on my car in the last week than I did when I borrowed my buddy's Jaguar XK-8.  I'm glad that I got a chance to test drive the BMW first, because once I hopped into the cockpit of the IS 300, there was to be only one negotiation that day. The handling is superb, the brakes are excellent, the 215 horse power runs more like 230, and ride can be as fun as you want it to be.  In the city I can turn on my classical music and make it to a meeting in style, or pump the music up and prepare for a fun night at the clubs.  The Lexus IS 300 very versatile car with a name behind it that has a history of proven quality.No other cars in it's class can compare.
This car is really nice, it has great engine that is smooth, quiet, but very responsive. The handling is good, but I noticed very little understeer when drive very hard. Overall I like this car.
I've had this car since July 1st, 2000, and loved every minute of it. This thing gets smoother every day I drive it and the exhuast note gets sweeter by the minute. It comes with a 6 disc in dash changer with am/fm and cassette (who still uses cassettes?) the system is the best stock system i have heard to date, its even better than some aftermarket setups, but I find myself turning the stereo off just to hear the engine and exhaust. I paid full MRSP to get one of the very first IS300s, and waiting for the car to come was very painful especially since I've known about it for so long, spent my  time looking at pictures of the Japanese version (Altezza) and at the IS300.net forums. Needless to say it was well worth it. A lot of times when things come out they are not what they promise and are a big let down, but this car met every one of my expectations and in most cases better than what I hoped for.Although I got a Spectra Blue Mica colored IS300, I have to admit that this car looks great in every color it comes in, even green, and green isn't one of my favortie colors to say the least. For those who say this car isn't fast enough, obviously you haven't driven one. I considered the S2000, Y2K Celica, Prowler, Navigator, Audi TT, MR2 SPyder, used Hummer wagon or soft top and soem other models, I admit it was a wide spectrum of choices but I can't see myself with any of those cars. For those worried about first year production cars, I have passed the 3500 mile mark and have yet to experience any major problems, or minor ones at that. If you are in the market for a new car, take the IS for a test drive, but only if you are prepared to buy one because you will not want anything else.
This car just feels great. Everything in the car is so tight and put together well. The stereo is really cool. It has one slot where you can put 6 cds in. The system sounds great. the seats were real nice and firm...8 way adjustable. The instrument cluster is really cool-I even got a carbon fiber dash kit that looks wonderful. Everything about the car is a hit. I just wish they could have made it a little more powerful...maybe an aftermarket exhaust will help that. Test drive this car!
This car rocks. Everything about it is amazing. As a former 3.2TL driver, I can tell you that although the Tl was a great car, the IS300 blows it away. Where to start..Handling- this thing handles great. I can take turns at stop signs full throttle and there is no loss of traction or tire squealing. The 17' low profile tires really do the trick. There is little to no body roll as well. I have yet to feel threatened when oushing his car while driving. It is stable and handles whatever I throw at it.Engine- the engine is great. It is so smooth and quiet. It will growl when you punch the gas but that is a good thing. As for the power it has, oh my. This car hauls. Off the line it gets going. Punch the gas to pass soemone and you'll be hitting some crazy speeds real fast and what makes that oh so much sweeter is that it is so damn quiet and poised.Transmission- playing with the e-shift buttons is fairly fun. While I think I prefer the manual shift mdoe of the TL (I liked having the stick to change gears with) a little more, both systems are about equal in performance. As for the tranny, it is so damn smooth it is crazy. Upshifts are seamless and downshifts are hardly felt. A great tranny that continues the Lexus traditon of near perfect trannies.Appearance- this has to be one of the best looking sedans on the road. Not one person that I know who has seen the car has said it looked bad. Everyone is sort of in awe of how great it looks. I think the clincher for them are the 17' 5 spoke wheels and the low profile tires. That combo is the first thing people really notice and comment on. While there are many people who will say the BMW 3series sedans look better, I don't think they do. I personally feel that the 3 series cars look good but they are from the typical BMW cookie cutter design which bothers me. Every BMW sedan looks the same. Get some originality there BMW.Interior- the interior is great. While it may not be the tradional Lexus interior, it still is good. The instrument cluster is awesome. I really like the chronograph design. The controls are easy to use and are  have that typical Lexus ergonomic greatness. The seats are comfortable and very supportive. I suggest getting the leather/ecsaine package because they add to the overall look and comfort of the seats. Stereo- the stereo in this car is amazing and very powerful. I would even go as far to say it is the best stereo in a car found around this price. There is no sub but the bass output is crazy. It will in fact blow most subs found in most factory systems. As for the rest of the audio spectrum, it comes in great. Clear highs, great midrange. The 6 CD single feed player is neat too. It takes a little while to load the CDs but after that it is pretty fast to change CDS. The radio seems to be good. It has this RDS technology that is pretty cool.Brakes- the brakes are bloody strong. Slam on the brakes and the car comes to a stop very quickly and does it without any nose dive and comes to a stop in a straight line. Great brakes and I'd be willing to bet the brake system in this car is one of the finest of any porduction car in the world. Price- I live in Canada and the price of the fully loaded IS I got was 47025 CDN. That is about 31711 in U.S. dollars. A BMW 328 with basically the same features costs 55000 here so as you can see, the IS is a great price when compared to its main competition. The 328 is not worth the extra 8 grand.My advice is that if you are looking at a 328 or an Audi A4 that you go check out the IS300. We all have different opinions regarding cars so maybe someone won't think the same as me, but I do know this car should appeal to anyone who wants a fun car to boot around in. I have read a few reviews that say it doesn't handle quite as good as the 328 but comes close. I have no idea if that is true but I do know I'll take the Lexus reliability and quality with slightly less handling anyday over the BMW. 
This is an amazing car!  Most of my friends have BMW's and you would thing with the background BMW has in racing and the prices they paid (325-330 series) that my is300 would be no match but suprisinly I'm always pulling the lead!  Everyone will tell you that not even a bmw handles like the IS300 and thats true!  Not to mention it's a bit quiter and luxurious while having a slightly sportier look.  To be honest it seems as though everyone has a bmw, it's almost become the civic of the luxury market but the lexus has been perfect.  The lexus division has been #1 for 11 years now in terms of luxury and reliability and that goes a long way
great acceleration that is it period.  the dashboard cluster looks like a casio watch.
This review is for the IS200 not the 300 which is the only IS available in the US. Why I can't imagine. I am extremely happy with my IS200 - In the UK reviewers asked for more power!? But then all motoring reviewers are really just 'boy racers' and don't understand the real world. The IS300 will be launched in the UK next month sept' 2001 along with the Sportscross hatch/estate car (I think you still call them station-wagons?) Looking at some of the reviews I see that the gas consumption of the 300 is a propblem for some people. In the UK we think of all US cars as gas guzzlers! The price of gas here in the UK is now around $5 a gallon YES that's FIVE dollars a gallon!!! So imagine when the 300 comes out one wouldn't be buying one if the cost of gas is an issue.My 200 does around 21 to the gallon around town and on a run I get around 29 which is not bad - but with the price of gas I would have to think seriously before considering the 300 - it must be doing a lot less. My car does me great. It's very smooth comfortable the air conditioning system is the best in any car I've had inc' mercs, bmw's etc, etc. The auto box is so slick it's great and like all Lexus cars it comes with a shed load of kit which on most of the opposition would cost fortunes as extras. I guess though in the last few years Lexus have shaken up the market and now makers like Mercedes who used to charge even for a radio until just recently have now begun to include these items as standard - Well done Lexus!I think you should lobby Lexus US to bring in the IS200 - it is in reality plenty powerful enough has all the benefits of the bigger engined model but will save on fuel - an issue taking prominence now in the US.
For all of you who don't know: the 'plastic' on the dashboard of the IS is really a material that prevents warping from heat. 
This car is amazing. I never received so much positive feedback. Plus, I had the 330 and you can't compare the quality. BMW has a horrific depreciation rate. The IS is timeless. Invest in it, you won't be disapointed. This car won hands down in Road & Track testings with BMW, Audi, Benz, Saab sport sedans. 
OK, so it sound like I hate my car. The cheap dash really pissed me off...the jerky trainy just a bit...and the other things are minor nuisants...  I just hope  the trainy, squeaky chair and whatever else I mentioned just doesn't worsen to where it become a problem or obvios defect in the future.  That said, the strength far out weigh the weaknesses.  And I've learned a few things durring my short life - 1) that I am a stubborn perfectionist and 2)you can't rely on ANYONE to do something completely right...their mostly idiot so you got to do it right yourself (case in point- my after market stereo install. So I did it myself , and better, after paying a store $400 for a simple install - front speakers, an amp, cd changer and a deck. but that is an even longer story).I hope to have this fine looking, great performing machinery for a long time!!!
Best Car ever If are searching for a new or used (used is hard ti find) car this is the one to buy.
There are very few cars that can compare to the level of luxury and exhiliration that this car provides.  Lexus is known for the build quality of it's cars and for me that is imporatant.  Honestly I drive my car very hard, almost to the limit and without fail the is300 always performs.  Besides it's ability for speed it excels in comfort, and control.  Every aspect of this car is superb and every detail is crisp.  Not even my old bmw was this much fun to drive!!!
I  recommend  that everyone consider the Lexus IS300. I drove it on a few occasions, but when my boyfriend decided on the BMW 330i, I had to just hope that someday we will buy that the Lexus instead.
I've had my 330i for 2 months now and each time I see a Lexus IS300, I remember the 5 test drives with the car and the time I brought the car up to the curvy mountainous roads and made the back passenger nauseous and my girlfriend scream fume by tossing the car around the tight curves.  I loved tight and instantaneous handling.  On one drive, I pulled off the side of a road after driving like a maniac so I could check out the xenon lights and yellow fog lights, there was a burning smell from the engine after having driven a brand new IS300 hard up the mountain.  I drove this car hard!!!  I love my Bimmer, but in some way I wish I had the IS300.  I miss it's character, a fun, not serious nature, unlike the BMW, which feels like a business sports sedan all the time, if that makes any sense.The IS300 is a very good car, but in my opnion it has yet to achieve greatness.  Perhaps in it's future iteration, it will.  I chose to go with the 330i for it's classic styling, which needs no outlandish trim to convey a sporty, aggressive nature--unlike what the IS300 uses, such as the Lexus' silver rear headlight fixutres.  The BMW has styling that I felt was more mature.  I'm interested as to how the Lexus look will wear over time.  Will it still stay fresh after 2 years?  Or will it appear passe and gimmicky?If you're looking to purchase a car in this segment.  Drive as many cars as you can, as what did. The IS does shine in areas that others don't.
I love my car..this is the best
I have had nothing but fun since purchasing my IS300!!  It seems to call for me, and I find myself driving with no particular place to go!!  I love the 240 watt sound system and in dash 6 CD changer.  It really kicks a**.  As I mentioned above, gas mileage is not as good as it should be for a small car especially with all of that technology!  Being 6'5 and 260lbs., I actually fit in quite nicely in the driver side seat.  Let's just say, I wouldn't want to ride in the backseat.  ( Don't think I can fit actually).I can't help but feel special when people look at the car wondering what is the make and model.  Or, when people come up to me and say, 'Nice car man!!'.  I admit, comments like that swell my head!!  But overall, I am glad I made the purchase.  I am sure within a couple of years, Lexus will tend to those minor glitches.  Because afterall, we are talking about a LEXUS!!!
I have been using it for 5 months, and I know that I won't regret to own this car for my next 4 years. The color is blk/blk, with rear spoiler and side skirts, sunroof deflector and 4 window deflectors from oversea Lexus dealer. I also changed the rims to 18' Mille Miglia Evo with 225/40-18 Yokohama Parada. The results? Like a tiger with wings! I can tell the difference especially when cornering. I was choosing between the three cars above with about the same prices. For the C240, it got a luxury image, but for the engine performance and handling, IS300 is much better. 325i 's road manner is very close to the IS300, but for the engine quiteness and reliability, the IS300 beats the bimmer. That's why Lexus Set New All-Time Sales Record and Became Best-Selling Luxury Brand For 2000! (206,037 unit VS Benz 205,614 VS BMW 189,423)
My cousin has one and I thought it was awesome! But, I just wanted to point out  'johnhooks', because nobody needs to know what  this sick ass pervert does with his little 'friends', not to mention that I don't think anybody wants to know about how he likes to shove sticks up his ass!
This is a good reliable car, although it's easy to see it is really nothing but an over-priced Toyota.  Now that I've had it for 6 months, I am almost embarassed to drive it.  So guady looking...The tail-lights, chopped off trunk, and ridiculous interior.  What was I smoking when I payed that kind of money for a Toyota, err Lexus?  Now I know why BMW and Audi will never be surpassed by Toyotas, Hondas, and Nissans.
Bad, this car is an overpriced Toyota (it looks like a Honda). My wife recently leased this vehicle, I lease an Infiniti G20 and own a 97 Corvette. Believe it or not the G20 matched up with the IS300 on everything except power. IS300 does have good acceleration and is fun to drive.
have a shuddering problem in my LS 460 AWD (2009) and have been told that it is 'normal'. I have a hard time believing that this would be engineered in - I guess Lexus is just getting sloppy. I raised the issue with Lexus corporate to see if they had any plans to resolve this issue and they said it is normal. This is a significant problem for me because a good part of the time I am on surface streets with a speed limit between 35-40 which is exactly where the problem occurs. I have also noticed that it will shudder sometimes when it downshifts (like when giving a bit of gas on an on-ramp) - anyone esle seen this? The problem, according to the engineer at Lexus Corporate, is that the issue occurs because of the desire to maximize fuel economy and reduce emissions - hence the 8 speed transmission. In short, the AWD version of the car is heavier and has less HP so and the logic for the ECT is shifting too soon in some cases and can't make up its mind on whether to down shift or not. To change the shifting patterns would require Lexus to do some programming and push it out to the dealers but they do not intend to fix it - unless they get more calls on the same issue. SO PLEASE CALL THEM IF YOU HAVE THIS PROBLEM.  He also said that Lexus wants their customer to be happy - especially those that buy LS' and that he would start the buy-back process. In short the 'buy-back process' is the execution of the Lemon Law process and it was denied by the regional Lexus office.  I am now forced to use eithe sell the car and take a loss or go through the arbitration process.
I'm a big guy was basically between BMW 745 and Audi A8l beautiful smooth ride ... Love the cooled seats and oscillating Fan
This is the best car ever made you can't beat it. It is more quiet and smooth then any car I have every driven. It is also very fast, and it handles great. The reliablity is unmatched, along with the safety.
As a buyer who spent a lot of time comparing the LS430 with BMW, Mercedes, and Audi, my conclusion is that the LS 430 beats them all, hands down. It is a great package of features, fun to drive, and wonderful in styling. I also think the criticism that it is boring is completely unfounded. It has excellent accelaration, corners very well for a car of this size and weight, and has the right road feel for a luxury car. Some influential reviewer opinions about soft handling seem to have taken hold, and are incorrect. I would urge all serious buyers to test drive the car and make their own judgements. This is a car that dominates its competitors on features, performance and styling, and will for a long time.
I bought new car. No problem whatsoever after 26,000 mile & almost 3-year ownership. My son exclaimed: 'This is like electric car. How come so quiet?'
They don´t get better than this.
The Lexus LS 430 is probably the best car on the road. I’ve owned a Lincoln Town Car, Lincoln LS, Cadillac and others. The Town Car has almost no Gadgets, but does offer a very smooth ride and a trunk that’s almost big enough for “Room for a pony”. The Lincoln LS is strictly a sports car with plenty of Gadgets. If you want to “feel” the road this is a nice luxury sports car. However, if you want the ultimate car then the Lexus LS 430 is the one.    The Lexus LS 430 offers more than enough engine power. Gadgets and power buttons are more numerous than you’ll ever need. There are cubby-holes galore for storage. The ride is quiet and smooth. The engine is so quiet that it’s difficult to know if it’s running or not when you start the car. With a DVD based navigation system it’s able to cover the entire US unlike CD based systems in other cars. It has a sound system that equals or surpasses my expensive home system.     Service: The Lexus of OKC sales and service department treats you like a special guest. You are assigned a Service Advisor which becomes well acquainted with you and your car. This makes things much easier by dealing with the same person each time. This is the first time I’ve ever seen the service tech’s ware white gloves while working on certain parts of the car. They even wash the car after its serviced. The only problem I had was a rattle in the door which was promptly fixed.    Summery: Read the reviews from owners of other cars you are considering, then test drive them. I think you’ll agree that the Lexus LS 430 is hard to beat.
I swear, I own an LS430. That by itself is more then what most people can say who have reviewed this car. First of all, I'd like to get something straight, if anyone who really owns this vehicle puts less then a nine for the review, he or she does not own the vehicle. Second of all, if you are thinking of buying this vehicle, read my review, I actually own the vehicle. Everything in every category is PERFECT. I would like to mention a few things in a few categories though. The acceleration on this vehicle is EXCELENT, it goes 0-60 in 6.3 sec. That by itself beets the Mercedes S430 which costs $15,000 more then this. Not only that, but The Mercedes comes with nothing important standard. The Lexus sound system will KILL any other cars sound system, whether it's a $100,000 Mercedes, or the Bose Infinity system. Lexus had a Mark Levinson sound system which is far better then any other sound system in the world, even better then some home theater systems. Mark Levinson is the designer of home theater system which cost a starting price of over $100,000. Mark Levinson has selected LEXUS, NOT MERCEDES OR BMW. As far as gizmos and gadgets go, let me say that it is just as good as the sound system, which means that they are also PERFECT. This car had everything from PERFECT styling (Interior, and exterior) to PERFECT performance, to PERFECT comfort and quality. The fit and finish on this car is far better then any other vehicle I have seen. EVERTHING on or in or outside of this vehicle works PERFECTLY. Why pay $15,000 more for a Mercedes that has 15 Horse Power less then this, 20 Pounds-feet of torque less then this, and that has nothing of importance standard on it? You shouldn’t. This is the Perfect vehicle, whether you seek excitement, pleasure, or just transportation. This car lacks NOTHING. The Lexus DVD based nav. system is far better then any other I have seen, including the Mercedes s-class, and the BMW 7 series’. I would pay the money for this car just for the amazing sound system it has. I beg of you, before you go out and waste your time and money on a Mercedes or BMW, please just test-drive this car. I do not work for Lexus. I am a very satisfied Lexus owner. This is the first Lexus I have owned, and I have a very good impression of Lexus. This is the first of many I plan to own. Please, don’t listen to the non sense reviews that some stupid ass who doesn’
I swear, I own an LS430. That by itself is more then what most people can say who have reviewed this car. First of all, I'd like to get something straight, if anyone who really owns this vehicle puts less then a nine for the review, he or she does not own the vehicle. Second of all, if you are thinking of buying this vehicle, read my review, I actually own the vehicle. Everything in every category is PERFECT. I would like to mention a few things in a few categories though. The acceleration on this vehicle is EXCELENT, it goes 0-60 in 6.3 sec. That by itself beets the Mercedes S430 which costs $15,000 more then this. Not only that, but The Mercedes comes with nothing important standard. The Lexus sound system will KILL any other cars sound system, whether it's a $100,000 Mercedes, or the Bose Infinity system. Lexus had a Mark Levinson sound system which is far better then any other sound system in the world, even better then some home theater systems. Mark Levinson is the designer of home theater system which cost a starting price of over $100,000. Mark Levinson has selected LEXUS, NOT MERCEDES OR BMW. As far as gizmos and gadgets go, let me say that it is just as good as the sound system, which means that they are also PERFECT. This car had everything from PERFECT styling (Interior, and exterior) to PERFECT performance, to PERFECT comfort and quality. The fit and finish on this car is far better then any other vehicle I have seen. EVERTHING on or in or outside of this vehicle works PERFECTLY. Why pay $15,000 more for a Mercedes that has 15 Horse Power less then this, 20 Pounds-feet of torque less then this, and that has nothing of importance standard on it? You shouldn’t. This is the Perfect vehicle, whether you seek excitement, pleasure, or just transportation. This car lacks NOTHING. The Lexus DVD based nav. system is far better then any other I have seen, including the Mercedes s-class, and the BMW 7 series’. I would pay the money for this car just for the amazing sound system it has. I beg of you, before you go out and waste your time and money on a Mercedes or BMW, please just test-drive this car. I do not work for Lexus. I am a very satisfied Lexus owner. This is the first Lexus I have owned, and I have a very good impression of Lexus. This is the first of many I plan to own. Please, don’t listen to the non sense reviews that some stupid ass who doesn’
The Lexus Ls 430 beats MB and BMW anyday. The ergonomics in the interior are simple and the Mark Levinson Sound System with Navigation are flawless options. Inside the engine cannot be heard and at 80mph it feels as if you are floating on air. The handling is tight, even more than the BMW's.
The Lexus LS-430 is the best car that has ever been built.  It is simply impossible to buy a better vehicle.  I want to just laugh at all of the people writing reviews that say that Lexus has copied the MB and BMW.  Hello??  Were any of these people alive 10 years ago when Lexus first came out with the LS-400?  If you've ever driven a MB or BMW from that time, you will know that there is absolutely no comparison.  The MB and BMW were big old boats that were slow and handled as well as a bathtub with wheels.  Ever since then, MB and BMW have been playing catch-up to try and COPY what Lexus has done so well.  And by the way...if you want to 'feel' the road as with a MB or BMW,  instead of the amazing smoothness and REFINEMENT of a Lexus, just ride a tri-cycle down a steep hill and save yourself 70,000 and many trips to the repair shop with your MB or BMW.
best car ever made....there is nothing even near it for the money
The car is great, except for the bubbling tint(covered in lifetime warranty)Powerful engine. Brakes wobbly. Keyless entry key breaks easily.
I like the feeling and the way the car has perform so far. I have changed timing belt-water pump and it has run well ever since. I only notice a few minor problem such as blue smoke when start up in the morning(only when the car is cold). That's the common thing for the car that has been driven for over 5 years. The quietness and the handling is great even without the traction-control. I feel that the look is not out of date yet.......it look similar or better than the 92-99 Mercedes Benz S-Class and 89-99 BMW 7-series. Overall it was good value for money and if you have a chance get it. It is very reliable.
I'm am disappointed at previous reviews giving this LS 430 a low rating. Many repeatedly complain of the lack of excitment or emotion from the car. This is perfectly intentional on the part of Lexus. Their intention from the very begining was to create a car with elimination of 'Noise Vibration and Harshness'. I would submit that they have suceeded in this car. Those looking for excitment *should* wait for the 2003 7-series. However the Lexus was designed to be the sofa floating down the highway. It is not, nor was it designed to be a driver's car.
I do not own this car. However I did get a chance to thrash the LS430 around a test track and compare it to the Mercedes S430. For those of you who believe everything you read in car magazines about ride and handling and fun, please remember that YOU will be driving the vehicle and that Michael Schumacher is not your chauffer. In the real world for a normal driver this is what I found:  Drove S430 first with the expectation that it would be VASTLY better than the LS430 (because I'd read all those reviews...). Found it to be good overall. Acceleration not that great, but competant through the cones although the steering was vague. Great exterior styling, bland and cheap interior.    Drove LS430 - what a revelation. Noticably quicker than S430, much better through the twisties, much better steering feel. Defintely more fun and better handling - much better ride. And   the interior is perfection.    Obviously I wans't trying hard enough with the S430 as we all know it should be better than the Lexus. Went back and drove it again - nope, not as capable around the cones, didn't 'shrink' aound me as the LS did. I think it needs the sport package and more power just to compare to the base LS430 (not euro tuned).     The above is my rating from driving both cars around a track - I somehow don't believe that most drivers will get to those speeds and try to take hairpin bends at 50mph during their daily commute (in which case the LS430 makes an even greater case for itself).     Driving impressions aside the Lexus walks all over the Mercedes except in exterior styling and perceived status. However the Mercedes has gorgeuos looks and is a good car - just needs to imitate the Lexus more to catch up.
solid and quiet sedan, still too much a Lexus--i.e. bland, soft, quiet and reliable but without the spunk and performance of the German ubermobiles.
Let me put it simple for you guys. If you want the best luxury car for the money. Get the lexus LS 430.  Every report I have read has confirmed that lexus is the most reliable car and the most comfortable car. Look, if you want most luxurious and comfortable car out of the Luxury car group, the clear winner is the Lexus. If you want a car with a sports car feel. GET A SPORTS CAR. A luxury car is suppose to feel soft because their design to be CONFORTABLE not sporty!!!!!!    Please don''t buy the Mercedes they are total junk. Over the last 2 years they have lot total respect with consumers. I have owned 3 Mercedes in the past as well as 3 lexus so I really know what I''m talking about here. Mercedes has become like the German equivalent of Chevy( which is a bad thing).   !
When I first got a Lexus, it was an ES300. I really loved that car. So when I got an LS430, I thought I was really in for a great car. I must say, however, that it is not entirely up to my expectations. The car has a pretty good engine, though BMW's 740 and Jaguar's XJ8 are faster. Inside there is plenty of room, and enough luxury. Sound is O.K. The real plus about this car is the lack of engine noise. This thing is HUSHED. You can only hear it a little tiny bit. The traction control is a joke, and usually turn it off; it hurts more than helps. And I can't help feeling like it's just a knockoff of a BMW or a Mercedes. Still a good car though.
This is my 7th Lexus. I started with an LS 400 then an ES 300, another ES300, a SC 300, a '96 GS 300 a '98 GS 300. This one is spectacular. Fast, quiet and smooth. The most comfortable and well apointed cars on the market . Surpasses the S500 Merc in comfort, speed agility and quietness. All with impeccable Lexus quality. In all of the Lexus owned and miles driven the only two things I ever did was change the oil and tires when necessary. Up until my last GS I had 50,000-65,000 miles per car. I like lexus soo much I purchased an SC 430 as well. 
My husband and I went back and forth between the Mercedes S-Class and the LS 430.  Ultimately, we thought given Lexus' record of quality and superior service and since it appeared to us we were getting everything the Mercedes had, sans the emblem, we would save ourselves $10-15 thousand.  What a huge miscalculation on our part.  In fact, we just got rid of this lemon and lost 10,000 bucks on the deal.  We were extremely disappointed with the Lexus and will never by an imitation again.  
May be the best bang for the luxury buck.    just an incredible machine.
Simply over rated!  It is a cheaper version of the S-Class, granted it's faster.  If you have the money get the S-Class, the S-Class is also original.  However if you can't afford originality get the es300 (people would only confuse it with a camry, which is not as bad because they're both designed by toyota).My life was endangered when I came off a ramp onto a freeway.  It was wet and raining, not knowing how bad the traction conrol was then, I gassed it (pedal to the metal).  The car did a 360 degree spin onto the freeway.  Luckily for me, it was early morning, and there was no traffic.  This car could have killed me.Sure lexus copied the Mercedes S-Class design, but they forgot to copy the other mechanical wizardary (like the traction control).Think twice about buying any kind of car.  I will not recommend this car to anyone, in fact I recommend that everyone do their research before buying a car.  Think about what makes a good car: Performance, reliability, economically friendly, and safety.  If you weigh too much on reliability, you migh sacrafice the other three good qualities.  Think about your family's and their safety!Don't be fooled by ls430's crash test.  They tested only frontal collison and (I think) side impact.  Let's not forget that acccidents occur accidently, and it doesn't always involve frontal collison!  Just think about the car getting rolled over, rear ended, 360'ing on the freeway, etc... Just think about that!!!I'll never buy another lexus as long as i live.  This car is a dissappointment in every way!!!
This is the flat out best luxury car out there. I negotiated the price down to $52,000 and feel it was worth the high price. I even got the Nakamichi stereo and in-dash CD changer which is a must for any LS400 owner. This is smoother, quieter, more luxurious, and easier to drive than any other luxury car. About the only thing I can find wrong with this car is that it's too smooth and too quiet. This is definitely not meant for the driving enthusiast, but if you don't care about that and just want to get from place to place in a safe, luxurious, perfectly designed car, this is it.
Buy new and do not keep past any warranty, Don't trust the dealership. Lexus will always back them, right or wrong! Aside from the lack of factory support to the consumer, they build a nice luxury car. The performance is sluggish and weak and better left to the Europeans.
This car does not handle or accelerate as well as a BMW or a Mercedes, but it's close. On the other hand the Lexus is unbelievably quiet, soft riding, and reliable. The main reason why I picked it over a BMW and a Mercedes is that I live in the US, and with the awful roads and the 65 mph speed limit, there is no point in buying a car designed to go 150 MPH on the autobahn in Germany. You're basically sacrificing ride quality for nothing. And of course the Lexus is less expensive as well.
Better than any of the cars listed above..Worth getting the Ultra Luxury Package and worth the $70,000 dollar price tag. Has everything you could imagine.And yes it all does work!!!Nothing broken on my car yet and probably for a long time to come. PERFECT!
Strongly recommended because it does so many things so well.On very basic terms, you can quickly find an excellent driving position and soon start feeling that the car is an extension of your body,responding graciously to all your commands.Friends of mine,who have owned the previous iterations of the LS, tell me that the 430 is a completely new car.
I bought this used and it was the best deal I've made.  The car is so quiet that after a while the noise that you notice are the noise of the leather seats rubbing against one another.  It is extremely dependable and great for long cruises.  For the same amount of money, I could not even touch a Mercedes e320 or a bmw 528.  So in the used market, the ls400 is definitely the best bang for the bucks.  I have 70K miles and I am driving this until 200K, then sell it.  This is not a sports car.  If you want a sport car, then get a Porch.  If you want a good dependable car that will take you places without hassles, this is it.  I love the fact that this car is not too flashy because it does not attract too much attention from the wrong crowds.
Toyota ticks me off.  After I buy this thing now they got rumors stating that they are gonna come out with the GT package!!!!  What the hey!!!  Otherwise it's an excellent car.  It doen't look fast but it is, and I need to watch out if I want to keep my license.  This is due to the quietness and lack of harsh vibrations.  It feels slower than many cars in this range, but when you look at the speedometer, you realize that it's way past the legal limit.   Some things I do not like about this car are:1.  GT package.  Come on!!!   I wish they had informed me on this....2.  Mark Levinson.  I am not an audiophile so can't hear much of a difference from the bose in my CL type S.  3.  Old peeps drive this car at the speed of an ECHO or Tercel.  Does not do any justice to the potential.  4.  Nissan is coming out with their flagship and that's supposed to have 340 horses!!!   I know the Lexus is supposed to have more torque but I personally believe that Toyota should have given this beast 400 horses and come out with the GT package from the get go.  This should have shut up all the rest of the whiners who ride over priced pieces of mechanical doo doo that break down every other day.  Yeah I love my MB but to be honest, 10 years down the line, (not that I will keep this car that long) the Lexus will run ya for pinks.   Things I like about this car:FastQuietkinda cheap for the qualityAnyway  I know my post is biased and the things I complain about are idiotic.  I know that to the average guy things like this don't matter at all.  But hey this is my 2 cents.  I know that Toyota is capable of making a much better car and I expected this from Lexus.  I seriously thought they would match the Toyota Century quality, but they didnt.  Over all I must say that it's a great car and value but, it still scores 85 points, when I think about what Toyotat is actually capable of making.  But like I said, this car will satisfy 98% of the peeps.  Only ultra critical and nit picking people like me will complain.  
As soon as I got outta college and got a job, the first thing I did was buy a Lexus LS400. For the 5 years I've wanted a Lexus. I'm only 21 so I really havn't owned a car like this before so Its hard to compare it really. All I can say is IT IS THE BEST RIDE. Its so smooth with alot of get up. I could stand a nickel up on the big block while it ran and when the engine was floored, it stood completly still. This car is love. Its really sharp too. Mines silver with some custom rims on it. I would recommend this car to everyone who demands pure luxury.
well for all the mercedes lovers out there, if it wasnt for lexus who buy the way paved the way for a more luxurious interior, mercedes wouldnt have a telescopic steering wheel or illuminisint lights in the dash. even back when the ls 400 came out in 1990 it was a far more better deal than the s 500 and by the way the interior of an s500 is disgusting the rear of an s 500 is so ugly i duuno. even now you get into a newer mercedes model and you will still find boring simple designs on the mercedes priced below 80,000 dollars, im sorry to say that but it is true, im not hating on mercedes i like the car, but all mercedes has is a reputation, a reputation that if you own a mercedes 'your rich' thats all. what you rich yuppies out there need to do is open your eyes to the good qualitie things out there, dont open your wallets. everyone knows you have money. instead of buying one s600 buy to Lexus's hey they always said two is better than one, right? anyways thats all i have to say. didnt mean to offend anyone! if i did get some help. 
Great Car, Wonderful stylin and design. And I gotta say about the review under mine (from John from Texas)....Is John CRAZY? He's comparing an Mercedes-Benz S430 to a Lexus LS430. Ok...where to begin...(1) The S430's base price is $70k, the LS430's is $54k, with the Added luxo package the LS430 will be $68k, the MB S430 will be $86 k with an added luxo package. John says that Lexus is copying MB in all their features,well does he mean? Does he mean a Cd player, a car stereo and front seats? WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH HIM???? EVERY CAR IN THE WORLD HAS SEATS AND STEREOS!!!! So what does he mean that ' ...But as far as luxury goes mercedes takes the gold with all its unique and one of a kind gizmos and gadgets' , was john a crack baby? What 'unique' gadgets and gizmos does the MB S430 have that the Lexus doesn't? It's the other way around, The LS430 has more unique gadgets and gizmos than the MB S430. Does the MB S430 have a rear center consol that lets you control the sound system, the HVAC and your rear seats? Does the MB S430 have a rear cooler that keeps your drinks cold while you drive? Does the MB have rear messaging seats? I DON'T THINK SO!!!!!(2)John goes on to complain that the Lexus copies the MB all the time. But so what if it does, if it copies an MB product and improves on it then i say GO FOR IT. John keeps mentioning that what you pay is what you get. Well,well,well...the LS430 costs almost $20k less than the base MB (S430) but it beats it in every single way. And John says that there is now competition between teh MB and LS430, well, John ...add another $20k of options and equipment to the LS430 and the Lexus will prob be better than the S600 (probably already better except for the engine)The LS430 is the BEST car that you can get in it's class. It beats out all of it's competition in every way. I would definitly recommend this car to anyone!!!!!
   Lexus is a nice car.But it isnt nice enough to compare to a Mercedes.Even though its nothing but Mercedes just cheaper.The interior is nice,although it shares the same goodies inside as a mercedes.Lets face it,Lexus are nice cars and everything but all they are good for is saying I have a Luxo. car that is just like a MB,or Beamer.Being the kind of person that i am I would rather have a REAL LUXURY CAR than an IMMITATION.Basically all Lexus does is just copy Other Luxury cars(mainly mercedes)and slap a few Lexus logos on it and call it a car of perfection.Well im sorry but that is not right.Ill be Honest in Performance the Lexus can out run the S430(which i remind is base S class)But as far as luxury goes mercedes takes the gold with all of its unique and one of a kind gizmos and gadgets.Lexus cant mess with the S500,the S55 AMG or without a doubt the S600.Lexus is a big copy.Lexus is a complete shamefull copier.And has been doing it for years.The LS430 is a copy of the last generation S class.The LS400 is a copy of the 84'-92' model year Mercedes.The GS shows slight originality.But when looked at closely you can see the E class Mercedes clearly. Only difference is the head and tail lights and other cover up copies.The ES is to cheap looking to be a copy of a Mercedes. Although I cant really see the copies im sure they are there.But to me the ES is nothing but a more fully Loaded Sleeker Toyota Camry.In my opinion all Lexus does is make a copy of a base model Benz Make it faster and equaly luxurious to try and compete.But they are obviously to dumb to copy another model.Although i wouldnt be surprised to see an LS500 or LS55 AMG or even an LS600 V-12.And it goes to show how well Lexus is at copying cause when looking at the all new SC430 closely you can plainly see a MB SLK. And as far as Lexus holding it value you can forget about because in 5 years from now you wouldnt get half of what you paid for it.Unlike in a Mercedes.My first car was a Mercedes 600SEL and after 15 years of minor problems(jammed seatbelts,window stuck,etc.) I still received almost $25,000 for it.    So for everybody thinking Lexus is the best all around Luxury car in the world Well I am about as truthful as they come and when you own MB,BMW,Jag,And LEXUS. Lexus always seem to be well Underclassed, and well,it is with its $15,000 cheaper price than S430 and 75,000 cheaper than loaded S600.But hey this is the United States of America and I believe everybody can agree when i say 'YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR'!!What im trying to say is you dont go out and pay $15,000 for a Toyota and expect a Cadillac for $40,000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow! This has got to be the biggest group of die hard Lexus fans I have ever encountered! I have to agree with Aaron that this is a truly great car and Lexus has made leaps and bounds with this product but it is an exaggeration to say that this car has beaten all its German rivals. I suspect that many of the reviewers were comparing it to their older previous Mercedes S class's or 7 series BMW's. Just look at the June 2001 edition of Motor Trend review comparing these cars and you will see why--4 of the 7 editors would have purchased the S430 if it was with their own money vs only 1 of 7 who would have purchased the Lexus LS430 even with the 15000 dollar difference. My brother owns the S430 sport and all you have to do is to REALLY test drive the two--really drive hard and try to turn all the corners. With my Lexus, I still have to slow down to make the corners whereas the S430 carve through the curves without having to slow down and with total control. The LS430 still feels too large in its handling whereas the S430 feels like it has the control of a smaller nimbler car and yet has all the luxury amenities to go along with it. One thing that is great about the Lexus is the Mark Levinson sound system. It is much better than the BOSE in the Mercedes. In addition, the interior is absolutely beautiful with high quality wood trims and material. Don't get me wrong. I love my Lexus and it truly gives you more goodies for less money than many of its German competitors. But I have to agree with Aaron--if my brother's Mercedes S430 sport costs the same as my LS430, I would have picked the Mercedes and I believe that most people would do the same too.If that is the case, then the Lexus is still not the benchmark setter but oh--they are getting closer and closer to it by the day!
Millions of people can't be wrong. Test drive this car and you'll see why myself and everyone esle loves it. It's great
I can write a book on what a great car this is but WHY! go test drive the LS 430 and you be submitting a review yourself. A 3 pointed star on the hood or an extra $10,000 to 15,000 extra in your bank account, with a better and more luxurious car, YOU Choose!
I have owned numerous S-class Mercedes-Benz cars, as well as a 98' BMW 740iL. The Lexus has it over both of them. The MB and BMW may have a slightly prettier front nose, but overall the Lexus has them beat. I previously got used to my MBenz and BMW being a 'wallflower' waiting for warranty repairs, now with the Lexus, it has NEVER seen the shop! (except for oil changes). I forgot how nice is is to have a car you don't have to worry about 'the next thing going wrong'.I originally thought that the suspension (I have base model with upgraded Lexus 17' wheels and tires) was a tad soft, but now after living with it I am glad I did not get the Euro Suspension option. This car just drives toooooo nice!No cheapo materials used in this car. I was turned off by the interior materials and hard plastics in the Benz S430, and the BMW 7 series body is getting very dated looking.I would recommend this car to anyone.
I love this car. However, I will not go as far as the other people in calling this car the best car--as much as I would like to given the fact that I own it. Most auto magazines also tend to agree.It is however, the best car you can get for the money. I have to say that an MB S500 sport or if you can afford it, the MB S55 AMG or the BMW 750 are still the kings of the road and deserve the premium in cost over the Lexus. So,if money is of no concern, I will trade my car for these. But, with my budget, you cannot get a better deal than the LS 430. With this in mind, I have to give it 3 stars. 
I wonder why this car is praised by many people and magazines. I think those mags must be very biased to this car. The ride could not beat the 'magic carpet ride' of the s430. The interior is not big enough, seats are too flat, cushion not thick enough, leather quality so so. Could not soak bumps like the s class. Very disappointed
The Lexus LS430 offers the finest ownership experience available.  The thrill of driving is back!  A superior audio system, first rate interior packages, makes this car is a great escape from the cold sometimes cruel world.
This car beat any mercedes or BMW i dont care what anyone says it is the quitest of the three the most refined interior and the best technology and gadgets of all three.
This is a thoroughly well made car that is a pleasure to operate. Every detail seems to be quality, and there are plenty of neat places to stash stuff. If you want a Cadillac ride without driving a boat, this is your car. The handling is surprisingly good for a vehicle of this type. For value the German cars can't even compare. Haven't had even one problem with this car the one year plus since I bought it used. It's the ideal car to give you a smooth, less stressful trip through major city traffic.
This is my fourth three year lease of an LS400 and now LS430. At the completion of each lease I make the rounds to all of the luxury car companies to review their products to make sure that I am driving the best car. BMW, Mercedes, Jaguar and Infinity all got my time this round and not one of them measured up to the quality, ride, sound system, and performance of this car. The mercedes S430 was interesting but for $15000.00 more, WHY...... The Mercedes S430 navigation system uses time consuming dials to put in an address and uses a CD drive for their mapping. The LS430 has a convenient  touch screen and A DVD drive that covers the entire country. This type of quality feature's is what makes this car such a dream. I frankly felt alittle guilty driving the new LS430 knowing that for $60000.00 I was driving the best car on the planet. Not even a Rolls can compare and a Rolls sells for $300.000.00.  IN twelve years I have not had A SINGLE problem that required service with any of my five 'My wife has the ES300' Lexus's.  I to believe this car would have received an overall 5 rating on this site but for the guy who rated the car a 1 and could not have been rating the LS430 for other than malicious reasons. I hope I can help one person make the right decision.
The Lexus has always been a named that I put together with dependability. I feel privledged knowing that I'm driving perhaps the most reliable car on the road. The fact that it looks great and has nearly everything you could ever need in a car also helps. Test drive one. Believe me, that is all it will take.
Purchased and LS 430 with the mark levinson/navigation package and the european sport suspension (a must for those switching to lexus from the german brands).  And I must say, the entire car is remarkable.  I have had the car for just over a month now and am amazed by it every day.  It is the first non-mercedes that I have driven in a while and it really outperforms and outclasses the s class (not to mention the e class) in my opinion.  I can't recommend this car highly enough.  I think the lone reviewer in this column who had problems with the car must have been a paid mercedes saboteur.  My only regret is that I didn't opt for the ultra luxury selection (though admittedly the configuration I chose has all the luxury appointments a sane person could find use for in a lifetime).
Ii's an incredible car. Inside and out. I'm really enjoying the stairs that the Infiniti never got.
The car is honestly my parents. But i still have driven it out on the weekend once since they have had it which has been three weeks. They wouldn't get on here and do this i did it for them. They haven't had one complaint about the car yet, and they love it just as much as i do. Im so proud to say that they own this flawless machine. I'm seventeen and my car pales in comparison. I can't wait til I own one.   Seriously though, you should consider this car before any bmw or mercedes. Its better and less expensive. Also, it's much more reliable. TRUST ME!
Much has been written about this automobile. I find it to be the ultimate expression of the automobile design. The exquisite interior sold me the the first time I saw a picture. Since this is where I spend all my time, it matters most to me. The multiple comfort items, ergonomic controls, extreme silence and luxurious appointments make this purchase easy to justify. For the dollar, no car can come close. I look forward to commuting!For those of you who want to wet yourselves when driving through mountain corners at high speeds, go elsewhere. This car radiates sophistication and deserves to be driven thoughtfully. If needed, the horsepower is there to quicken the pulse. To Drive is To Believe!
from my first lexus up til this one, they have been absolutely flawless. i have driven them and read the reviews on them and they have been perfect. I bought my first one back in 1990 when they debuted. IF you do happen to catch one that is not up to par, then it is very very rare!!!! Don't judge your purchase of a lexus based on one unhappy customer, check them out for yourselves and be the judge. They are wonderful.
I would not recommend the Lexus LS430, because of its reliability and quality issues, not usual to Lexus, this new product should have been better built for this price. The Mercedes S-Class is worth the money you pay for it.
Lexus has yet again outdone itself with the new LS 430. The LS was a perfect car in its on right( i know because i owned one), but if there is such a thing as better than perfect..than the LS 430 is it. Looks great, feels great, and quieter than a mouse. I honestly dont see how anyone could not find this car to be anything less than perfect!
If you can afford it, there is no better luxury sedan in the world. If you're spoiled by good service from your Mercedes or BMW dealer, you'll be blown away by your Lexus dealer.  
I am in the process of buying the new Lexus, LS430 UltraLuxury model.  This will by my third Lexus.  I love the car.  It's quietness is the most outstanding feature.  When going through the 'check-out' procedure, I was disappointed, and detected a new attitude, appeal to the government rather than the customer.  e.g. The seat belt warning light will not go out.  Trying to protect the consumer from air bags, no switch to turn off the headlights during daytime driving.  The feeling is that their are other items than will 'protect' Lexus that enfringes on my ownership rights.
Lexus is a 'nice' car, but not a 'great' car. I have both Mercedes and Lexus, to be honest with you,I like Mercedes better than Lexus. Lexus's engine is weak compare with Mercedes (hope the new LS430 will solve this problem). Also, I don't understand why such great car company wants to follow the foot steps of Mercedes. Lexus always want their cars look like Mercedes, I don't think this is necessary. If you see the picture of the new LS430, you will find out that it looks very similar to the old S-Class. Paying $56,000, I think we desire a car that has its own 'unique' style. Also, hope the car can have a high resale value like Mercedes E-Class. 
I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO SOMEONE BECUASE IT IS A CAR THAT'S WORTH EVERY PENNY, AND ALSO THE FULLY LOADED LS 430 ( WITH ULTRA LUXURY PACKAGE) IS 20,000 $$$$$$$$$ CHEAPER THAN AN MERCEDES S500 FULLY LOADED.
Lots of toys. Has lots of suprise gadgets like the auto headlamp feature which I wouldn't ask for if it didn't have it. Does everything so well that it's boring. A bit like turning the sound off on a video game. 
I LOVE THIS CAR!!  I have said this so  often since I bought it a year ago.  It is so comfortable and a joy to drive!  My business and life are hectic, and I  want a car I don't have to think about,  that makes driving in So. Calif. traffic  pleasant and smooth.  Others may find this  car a bore.  For me, it's pure pleasaure!
A perfect car. Amazing ride, power, and quality.    We bought used for my wife, as the C320 was just way too small for a kid the car seat in the back. Got a Certified 1999 with 49k miles from the local dealer. The car looks brand spanking new. You cannot tell it has more than 100 miles on it.    We drove it to Carmel right away, and it got 24 mph highway, about 16 in town. The highway figure includes some passing and mountain climbs, too, though.    I was amazed at the power and the smoothness of the ride. This car is darn near perfect. Inside, it looks like a top-of-the-line Toyota -- duh. Nothing flashy or remarkable about the looks.    The transmission is absolutely invisable. It's the closet thing to continuously variable I've ever experienced. Shifts are undetectable.
I would recomend the Lexus, it's very realiable. It is a good all around car, but the Mercedes has an unexplainable quality that just makes it a much more enjoyable car. I used to have two Lexuss before i bought the 99' a 92 lexus LS 400 (the best one ever) and a 95 LS 400 both were great and this was why i got the 99' however i will not go back to Lexus after enjoying the new S Class. 
I'm 17 and my parents have given me the responcibility of checking out the next car that they would buy. I test drove the Audi A8 the Mercedes S class and the Infiniti Q45. None of these would even come close to the great feel and ride quality of the Lexus LS400. The Benz S500 came close but it didn't seem as roomy inside the car, and the noise and ride quality didn't come close to the Lexus. I brought my parents into the lexus dealership two days later and we rode out in a new LS400. We paid 57k, which is a little over the MSRP of 54k but we got the upgraded Audio system and the navigation system (which is wonderful). I would recommend this car to everyone who is looking for a good quality family sedan.
This car is meant for executives who want to show that they have style, and unless you want to spend a lot of money on the exterior of the car, car enthusiasts should not buy this car.  This car is worth way more than Lexus sells it for .
previous 'ringer' comments aside, the LS 400 is known as about the most reliable, quiet, quality vehicle out there.  Obviously someone who put over 30,000 miles on a '99 LS 400 hasn't owned a S class Mercedes over 6 months.   And he almost certainly never even owned an LS.
$50,900- I wouldn't recommend this product to anybody.
First of all, I would NOT RECOMMEND many of these 'reviews' by teenagers and those who have obviously never even driven this car.  Be wary of those.  Two references to 'not enough power' on '98 + models show how unrealistic they are.  Is 0-60mph in 6.3 seconds just not good enough?   My 'sporty' '540 auto could only do it in 6.6 seconds.   And as for the guy talking about lowering it...side skirts...etc.....decide for yourself if that's for real.  If you want to mess up a car, go buy a civic to soup up.
Outstanding. Perfection. Quiet. Smooth. Performance. All these and more describe the LEXUS LS 400. I have searched wide and hard over the last 12 months to find a car that I can settle with. I have had two BMW 7's (735 and 740), two Jags (XJ6 and XJ8) and a Rover 75 (whoops). The ride, styling and comfort of the LS 400 outshines all of these. Everything about this car proclaims class. The engineers at LEXUS should be congratulated on producing what, for its price, must surely be the best car in the world bar none.    Sit down in the driver's seat, turn on the ignition and the fully motorised steering column automatically adjusts the steering wheel to one of two memorised positions. Turn off the ignition and remove the key, the steering wheel is retracted to making leaving the car that much easier - not that you'll want to.     The in-dash 6 CD changer is married to a sound system that must surely be the best factory fitted system there is. Pink Floyd has never sounded better!!    Ride comfort is the best I have experienced. I drive more that 35,000 miles a year so I know what it can be like getting out of a car after a long journey. Riding in the LEXUS is like being driven on your sofa - only more comfortable. The soft leather seats, with heating front and back, are a pleasure to park your bottom on.    Everything about this car has be well thought out. I cannnot recommend it highly enough.
Okay, this one is coming from a certified car nut. Needless to say, this car comes highly recommended. I have driven all iterations of the LS except the original (pre-1993), I can honestly say that these cars had steadily improved year after year. I had given serious consideration to the 3rd egenration LS (1995-1997) but found those to be a little underpowered (260HP) and, therefore, not as quick as I like. Also, while far from being noisy, I thought that those cars were quite a bit noisier than the 4th generation (1998-2000) models.  The 1998-2000 have the VVTi 290HP engine which is sufficiently quick (6.3sec 0-60MPH). Gas mileage is indeed very good for a car of this size.  Even though I do have a lead foot, I generally get 19-20 MPG city.  The standard stereo system is indeed very good although the radio reception isn't up to Lexus standards. The reception in SC300 is a lot better.     As opposed to earlier versions, this one doesn't doesn't roll nearly as much in corners and overall traction and stability are excellent both dry and wet.  There is, however, some nose dive when braking hard. Xenon (optional) lights are great. This car is a perfect highway cruiser.  Brakes are greatly improved over the earlier LSs. Stopping distance of 168ft from 70MPH is very good for a such a big and heavy car.  Brake pedal is a bit too soft though.  Air Suspension was an option on 1998-2000 cars and should be avoided due to its complexity and very high repair costs.      For all those that tend to fall asleep at the wheel of the super quiet LS400, I would recommend turning up the stereo and speeding up to to the point where the tach indicates about 3200-3400 RPM in 5th gear. Things should get a little less 'boring' at that point.  Like with any other car in this class, maintenance is not cheap. But at least most LEXUS dealers do provide superior service.   Looks-wise, I personally think that the 1998-2000 cars look the best.  The front fascia is more dramatic and aggressive than the prior models and stock rims are very nice too.  The new LS430 with standard rims looks flat out ungly next to a 1998-2000 cars. Best colors are white, titanium silver and black.
This limosine is fantastic. It's colour is metallic blue with beige coloured leather with superb CD stereo and satellite navigation. The smoothness of the auto is unbelieveable. When the steering wheel is turned the car just glides softly, as if it's floating on air.After 60,000 miles I am beginning to hear some creaking noise from the front suspension. Perhaps the springs/dampers need lubricating? It's not the front shock absorbers, as when the front is pushed up and down by hand, the oscillations are less than 3.I do find that other road users will tend to cut me up in traffic, as they know the car cost over £50,000 when new, whereas their bangers are hardly worth the roadtax displayed on their cars. The other strange thing is that Mercedes S, E and C class drivers will very often try to race me at traffic lights or on a long open roads. Why? Don't they know they can't out run a LS400 with 0-60mph in 6.5 seconds with an electronically limited speed of 155mph?
I have always been a car nut,and have have had more vehicles in the last 35 years then I can count. This car truly is the finest vehicle I have ever owned. Each time my wife or I drive the car,we just smile. I can't think of enough superlatives! We bought this car coming off a lease with 30,000 miles. I can't tell it from a new one. I am used to quality dealer service,but Wilkie Lexus of Haverford,Pa. is the best. They really do put the customers needs first.
The best luxury car I've ever owned! No need to say more than what's already been said. If you can afford it, get one for yourself. 
A boring car to drive.Nothing exceptional.Very uneventful experience.
Love everything about the car superior ride, super quiet, lots of room except yhe large hump down the middle for rear seat passengers. Good gas milleage for a large car 19 & 26.
You don't expect, within a month of purchasing a certified, used Lexus from a flagship dealer, to have to fork out an additional 10% of the purchase cost on fundamental items like a timing belt and brake work. Well, I sure didn't, anyway. (Surprise, surprise!)     Follow that not so many months later with the sudden death of the seat warmers (in the middle of the winter, of course) and shortly thereafter with an annoying right front strut noise that I had to wind up diagnosing (after two dealers failed in their own efforts) and you get to kiss another $500+ goodbye!    Interior design is so unimaginative as to be downright criminal in a high-end vehicle. Can someone explain, for example, why they would put so much effort into the hideaway design of the front cup holders only to restrict their diameters and overhead space (due to an over-padded centre armrest) so much that only the smallest and narrowest of cups will fit?    And what about cellphone use? Considering the target demographic for this vehicle, one would think the centre console would be friendly to cell phone use (yes, we're talking hands-free). Instead, the driver is forced to either commandeer the front ashtray, try and manoeuver around the big transmission knob, keep the cell in his lap, or let it slide wildly about on a convex, slippery, polished centre console.    Engine power? Yeah, so there's a V8 - and a thirsty beast it is. Just don't expect it to be there in the corners because the car isn't up to compensating.     Trunk space? Well, it's okay - and just okay, when you take into account we're looking at a limo-level vehicle.     What about those wiper arms? Whose idea was it to leave so little room for them under the front hood overhang? What a great way to wear the paint off the lip!     And, speaking of paint and finish? They don't stand up as well to the test of time as one would expect. Chips and scratches down to the metal come easily to this urban-driven car and the would-be sleek black gloss is dulled by thousands of tiny surface scratches that probably embedded themselves just as readily over the years. More so than other cars in my last 15 years of experience.     An overrated vehicle by a wide margin, IMHO, undeserving of the rep it has garnered.
This car is too soft ride. it's comfortable but the handling is Ok.
Definitely would recommend this one for anyone looking for a LUXURY car.  Audio system has got to be the best OEM unit around and is better than many aftermarkets I've heard.  This one is not a sport luxury like the 740i or maybe the A8.  If you want a stiffer ride then get one of those.  The LS 400 is more inline with the Jag XJs.  Competent in everything it does without sacrificing on any one aspect. This car exudes quality in every respect. Weird though is that the service that everyone raves about has not been there.  Must be that there is only one dealer in the whole area.  Why try when you really don't have to.
I purchased ultra luxury edition March 2001 and now have 32000 miles on it. After buying 8 new Mercedes over the years, I tried a Lexus.  Nice car, drives more like a Cadillac than a German car. I have had some problems and it took several trips to the dealer to resolve.Don't treat it like a sports sedan or you will end up in a ditch.
Real nice cruiser. I took this car cross country and had a very nice ride. Comfy interior and great laser guided cruise control. Gas mileage averaged 27 MPG.
I graduated from school on time, so my parents granted me updating my ride ('00 Acura 3.2 TL, sport/luxury car wannabe with decent engine + tranny, but lacking refinement, esp. in quality). My pick at the time was used ('00 or '01) Mercedes S430 / S500, because my budget was limited. Looking around in Chicago area, the condition of most the used Mercedes were total turn-off (I personally don't mind a used mercedes, but my dad is 'allergic' to used cars). I turned to Lexus because for the same budget, I got a BRAND NEW LS 430, and a friend of mine who loves mercedes assured me that Toyota (not mercedes) build quality cars. Also, my Dad wants me to concentrate on my grad school instead of repairing my car.
I love this Lexus model. The car is easy to handle, gas isn't toooo bad (if you compare it to my ferrari), it has a nice look to it, and it is roomy inside. It also has a nice feature, automatic car door opener. One of my favorites. The engine sounds good when you turn on the car. The navigation system is a big help to my hubby. This car is an all around goody. I recommend this car to everybody that likes great things.
The LS430 is simply outstanding. Although the styling is somewhat bland, in terms of value for money, there is nothing like it. I've seen the Mercedes S-Class, and the luxury of the cabin does not compare to that of the LS430. It does not ride like a German performance sedan, but what critics seem to forget is that It is NOT supposed to!!! Lexus is unique in that aspect, it will do 150 MPH and accelerate from 0-60 in 6.6 sec, but it has a ride quality that is unparalleled.
Gas mileage is phenomenal.  L.A. to Las Vegas, a 250-mile freeway trek with lots of 15%  uphill grades, car obtained a round trip average gas mileage of 24.6 MPG.  For 60% of the time, the car was set to 80MPH (climbing or downhill driving), while the 40% was for performance  (some 100MPH climbing the grades and a tiny bit of 120MPH on straights - where it's clear).  BTW, this was with the A/C on , 97 degrees outside temp, with 4 adults.Car has 53,000 miles and uses Mobil 1 5W-30.  No rattles at this point yet.  Maintenance:  Original battery has been replaced a year ago.  A heater hose was also replaced due to a pinhole leak.  The lower suspension arm was also replaced along with the ball joints for making an almost undetectable suspension noise.  All replaced a few hundred miles short of 50,000 miles bumper-to-bumper warranty.  I have been replacing the tranny fluid myself but the cost of the fluid is obscene...$25 per gallon.  It's a special Toyota fluid you can't get anywhere else but from Lexus.  But it makes a big difference as far as getting back the very smooth shift and power/torque application characteristics.
i highly recommend this car to anyone who wants the quietest car in the world with lot of power and space.  to those who seek performance, this car is not for you...go get that bimmer . to those who wants to show off,go get a mercedes S-class and bling bling down the street. this car is definately for me.
nothing more to say.... the best car ever made for a luxury car. im glad i have this car.... it looks way better than the new 430.
I would say this is an ok car but i ve been through a lot of headaches with this junk.  The car drives really smooth and quiet and handles really bad especially on corners.  On long trips, i went about 90mph and car started to shake like a chicken getting choked or something.  I would recomment a bmw 7series if you want a solid performance sedan.  interior lacks a lot of wood . whats why those copycat lexus people put lot of wood in that new LS430.they may think their up there with bmw and mercedes but only in their dreams. their missing a point. PERFORMANCE!  I have an amazing 215k miles on the car.  I had to replace the driver door because the remote stopped working and it cost $600. The calipers literally blew up $700. air conditiner went out $1200. the car almost killed me when i spun out of control going 45mph on a curve; fortunately i didnt hit anything. the battery died all of a sudden and the electrical stuff just died $300. just a headache to own one of these. maybe i should get a honda civic
The engine is the smoothest I have ever experienced.  I have driven a lot of cars due to the fact that my father owns a used-car dealership, and this car is the best overall value on the market.  Handling could be improved and brakes are not up to the standards of such a reliable car company.(Toyota)  However, if you want handling, get a bimmer or a sports car.  Overall, great car.  This car was bought the car was meant to be sold on the lot, but after driving it around for a week, I just couldn't let go of it.  All I need is a few custom changes.  Any ideas, please e-mail me with info regarding body kits, visual mods, etc.
I wanted a luxury car for a long time, and I quickly realized that buying used was the method. I checked Consumer Reports and found that Lexus did much better than either Mercedes or BMW. I started looking around at LS400 because I wanted a V8 under the hood. I found one in Addison Texas (a suburb of Dallas) and after some 'discussion' I got the car at the price I wanted to pay.    Overall, I can't go on enough about this car. It drives beautifully, looks nice, and has been ultra reliable; I have never been stranded once. I'm getting about 18 mpg combined city/hwy. The stereo is very good, and the CD changer is in the glove instead of the trunk like some European makes. It's got a 32 valve V8 under the hood, a fully independent suspension, and dual climate control just like it's European competitors, yet it's thousands less, but still holds it's value well.    The only other thing I feel it necessary to say is GET YOUR CAR CHECKED OUT BY A LEXUS DEALERSHIP! I bought this car without doing so, and found out on my first service visit that the car had been somewhat mistreated. Some maintenance had been neglected and it showed. Consequently, I had some pretty expensive repairs to do. However, after getting it done and getting past the initial pain of writing that big check so soon after purchasing the car I was VERY happy I did so. I thought the car was nice and smooth BEFORE I did this stuff - boy was I wrong. These cars are simply incredible! 120 mph feels like 50 in this car, I absolutely love it. It's luxurious and heavy, which is why I wanted a car like this. I have a friend who bought a Mercedes E-Class at the same time with the same amount of mileage as my car . They paid almost $10k more than I did and the car won't stay out of the shop for this little thing or that.    I love the BMW 740IL, as well as the E430, but I'm sure glad I made the choice I did. This car has been super in every respect, and it's priced well if you shop around a bit. I would buy another one and recommend it to anyone as well. When it comes down to it, unless I'm stinkin rich, the Lexus is the smarter buy. If I had a 6 figure DISPOSABLE income, then it really doesn't matter what car I buy, but I don't so the Lexus LS400 is the car for me right now.
I Have 1995 Geo Prizm it has 117,000 Miles on it. It is very reliable. It also gets very good gas mileage. The Prizm is stable and solid. The suspension is very good giving the car a smooth ride. This car is for anyone who is looking for a second car or someone who is looking to buy their child that first car.
If you are looking for a very solid and safe family car, with lots of room,prestige, and value! The LS 400 is the car for you!
The sercret to any vehicle is how the drivers seat fits the individual.  Try one on, and then try the rest, you to will find the LS400 is the best fit!  This is a true luxury car and not a pretend to be sport and luxury car like so many others.
This car is amazing. Perfect build quality, no rattling. Power oozes from this amazingly quite and smooth engine. 4 Liter V8 DOHC, 241 BHP. Unlike sports cars with this output seeming rather low actually means that the engine will go on and on without burning up. I have seen and heard ones around with half a mill on the clock.    I would suggest looking around and ensuring that you get a MINT one. Smallest imperfection in idling / odd noise, must walk away as high bills are undoubtedly around the corner.    One annoying this about the MK2 is the dash circuits! Make sure if you intend to get one you inspect the car first thing on a COLD morning. IF the dash is not lighting up, that's about $250 worth of electrical repairs IF you do the work yourself to get the circuit out and get someone to repair it for you !    If I was able to go back, I would gladly buy this car, and recommend it to anyone who wishes to have smooth quite enjoyable motoring :)
I just bought my 1993 LS40 after deciding to retire my 1990 Integra with 225,000 miles. I am a car enthusist but haven't kept up with Lexus' due to the price. I maintain all of my cars, both mechanical and body. Once I began researching this vehicle I was impressed with the engine and overall build quality, plus the style. I purchased mine with 115,000 miles on it and expect to get a good 100,000 more out of it. It has a complete Lexus maintance history on it (glad I didn't have to pay for all of that scheduled maintance!).    One thing is certain, this is not a cheap car to maintain. I plan on using salvage yards and forums to keep any repair costs down, if you have to go to the dealer for repairs you better have very deep pockets. For example, $800 for 2 rear rotors, brake pads and labor. This is per the dealer that performed this on my car before I took delivery and no I did not have to pay for it, they found it during th inspection. I have heard figures of $800-1000 for each corner to replace the strut on the air suspension models, and there are 4 sides. They shouldn't all fail at once though. Don't jump into this car (or any Lexus if you are not aware of this).    Anyway, now the reasons I bought the car. The build quality is tight and it is a heavy, well made car, with a 3 year old son onboard this is very important to me. The engine is a work of art and has great potential. Even with the high mileage and older tires, this car tracks true, is very smooth, tight and very quiet at 80mph on the highway. It is roomy and has all of the features of a 50K car that I am not going to pay 50K for, less than 20% on the dollar seems fair to me. I will say I am drawn to the Lexus name and status also. Also, these are sleek and beautiful cars, although I am looking to upgrade to polished 98-up style 5 spoke wheels, no chrome for me. I specifically target the 93-94 model for my purchase due to the style, used parts availability and costs, even though I could have gone 1995 up. 93 got bigger brakes (and 16' wheels for them) along with several other improvements. You see them referred to as Series II models in some places. Go to tirerack.com and print off a profile of a 94-prior and of the 95-up, the 94 and before just looks better. Of course if a newer one falls in my lap I won't complain. While I love US muscle cars, I prefer Japanese cars over German ones due to the reliability. That said, this model LS400 does not have any feedback from the road via the steering. They're are some mods discussed on Aussie sites to correct this to some degree, I will be attempting this soon. My only regret is that my car did not have the Nakamichi stereo option. I hope to take care of that soon.
We had this car as an upgrade from a 92 Acura Legend. I am quite surprised at what everyone is saying about the car. Yes, it was a nice car, but it's just as expensive to maintain as any other highline make. Yes, Lexus service depts. are better than their German counterparts, but that's the whole point. If you follow maintenance schedules on any make, you tend to avoid major problems. Our car had to have the power steering rack replaced at 65k. If we didn't purchase the extended warranty, that would have been a $1500. mistake! Also, the brakes did suck for a premium make. Not cheap either. A great car would be one that didn't have the climate control display go out. Yet you all are still giving it a 5 star rating on this site???
This is a great car since I bought it new.  You can't beat Lexus quality! The car has plenty of power to go around thats why I've got about 6 speeding tickets in it before I put a $500.00 radar system in.  The car rides so nice you can fall asleep ( be careful its almost happened ) you kind of feel like your in a big moving leather couch. I would buy another one of these or another Lexus (GS300-400, RX300). I would recommend this car to anyone, and if you are looking to buy one BUY IT DAMMIT!!! 
Overall I love the car, and would buy a Lexus again.  Although the instrument panel thing is a little bit of a let down, considering I have had much cheaper Toyota products that worked flawlessly to well above 100,000 miles.
I own a '93 LS400 and I am amazed how SMOOTH this car drives.  Seemless power delivery, virtually no noise inside the cabin.  This is topped off by great ergonomics, the best in the industry in terms of ergonomics and dealer service.  None the less, I've been attracted to a younger model, and am selling my baby.  If you are interested, you can see the details at: http://classifieds.yahoo.com/display/automobiles?cid=automobiles-0976513932-129565 
The New Zealand used car market is extremely open and competitive, with most of the stock sourced from Asia. This particular vehicle has 175,000 km or 110,000 on the clock and generally speaking runs exceptionally well. The two major reaons for purchasing it were firstly, value for money and secondly, the reputation Lexus has built up. Even at this rather high mileage, the car seems like new and one senses that it should run for many many more kilometres. We expect to get four or five years reliable running with it, and plan at that stage to upgrade to another used Lexus LS400. In our view a properly cared for second hand Lexus is extremely good value for money and probably underpriced.
I would buy another, in fact I plan on it.
Those who need a three-pointed star on the hood don't know what they're missing.  Lexus can build a better car for $20,000 less; it's a wonder that Mercedes-Benz hasn't fallen yet.  The most refined, quiet, comfortable cruising sedan in the industry lets you add music with the best music system available on any car.  I'm not talking about the Nakamichi option; the standard stereo will show you how good a car can sound.  I've owned an LS400 for eight years and it still drives as well as the first time.  I don't want any other car.  Look for the new LS430 in the fall to silence the auto critics gushing mindlessly about the 2000 Mercedes S-Class.  And look how much Mercedes, in turn, borrowed from the Lexus to create that car.  Imitation was necessary for survival.
Highly rec this car. Excellent to drive. I had the air suspension option and it is well worth going for. I was really impressed with the gas mileage, used about the sane as my old VN commodore just cruising - but hey - who wants to just cruise with an eight like this! Awesome car. I paid NZ$26,000 for a 1992 model, good cond, with 53,000 km on the clock.
I love this car it still gets looks. It doesnt matter if its a teen to a 85 year old they always comment on the car or look at it in a different way. The 4.0 liter 32 vavle V8 is superb, and its still ultra quite. My wife drives this car and she raves about it all the time. We got this car when we had our boy and use it as a family car. The back seat AC is great for him. I plan on driving this car for a long time. My wife and I put alot of miles on a car so that why we decided to get a used nice car and drive it forever. Most people who get in the car cant beleive its a 92 model. 
I have owned and driven hundreds (if not thousands) of cars over the past 20 years as it is my job to transport and deliver them. I bought an LS 400 about 5 months ago (having never driven one) and I must say that I am totally in love with it!  The interior is roomy and very comfortable, with tons of space for the front and rear passengers. The dash and centre consoles are beutifully set out. The hi-fi is simply fantastic. The V8 takes you upto 60 MPH in around 8 seconds which, for a car almost 'two tons' is not bad at all! You can sit at 130 MPH and then press the accelerator and WOW! the Lexus 'lifts off' and carries you all the way to around 160 MPH. Beutiful.  The build quality is superb with every care to detail. The wipers have a setting that speeds up when the car does. The power steering is 'speed sensitive' and gets 'tighter' the faster you go. The seats remember who you are! The auto-gearbox learns you particular driving style. The 'sports' mode lets you throw the car about like a small GTi. You can do 'house removals' in the boot (trunk).  I can not think of any other car that I would rather own other than... maybe a Bentley Mulsan. Which is V12, twin supercharged 8.6 Ltr (3 ton) 2 door sports coupe. (prince charles has got one and I delivered it). EXCEPT.... it has not got as many features as a Lexus LS 400! I hope we never have to go to war against the Japanese. AMAZING! and thank you Toyota. Could I also just add one thing?.. People say that Lexus is very expensive when it comes to servicing and repairs... well... Nothing ever actually has to be done to these cars until they are well over 100 thousand miles! Most other cars are about to die at this mileage. The Lexus is almost like a human person, who is looking after you. My brother and me were out on a drive recently and I noticed that the petrol was getting low. My brother said... ' I don't think it would ambarrass us so far as to run out of petrol, it will have a trick up it's sleeve'.
I have owned and driven hundreds (if not thousands) of cars over the past 20 years as it is my job to transport and deliver them. I bought an LS 400 about 5 months ago (having never driven one) and I must say that I am totally in love with it!  The interior is roomy and very comfortable, with tons of space for the front and rear passengers. The dash and centre consoles are beutifully set out. The hi-fi is simply fantastic. The V8 takes you upto 60 MPH in around 8 seconds which, for a car almost 'two tons' is not bad at all! You can sit at 130 MPH and then press the accelerator and WOW! the Lexus 'lifts off' and carries you all the way to around 160 MPH. Beutiful.  The build quality is superb with every care to detail. The wipers have a setting that speeds up when the car does. The power steering is 'speed sensitive' and gets 'tighter' the faster you go. The seats remember who you are! The auto-gearbox learns you particular driving style. The 'sports' mode lets you throw the car about like a small GTi. You can do 'house removals' in the boot (trunk).  I can not think of any other car that I would rather own other than... maybe a Bentley Mulsan. Which is V12, twin supercharged 8.6 Ltr (3 ton) 2 door sports coupe. (prince charles has got one and I delivered it). EXCEPT.... it has not got as many features as a Lexus LS 400! I hope we never have to go to war against the Japanese. AMAZING! and thank you Toyota. Could I also just add one thing?.. People say that Lexus is very expensive when it comes to servicing and repairs... well... Nothing ever actually has to be done to these cars until they are well over 100 thousand miles! Most other cars are about to die at this mileage. The Lexus is almost like a human person, who is looking after you. My brother and me were out on a drive recently and I noticed that the petrol was getting low. My brother said... ' I don't think it would ambarrass us so far as to run out of petrol, it will have a trick up it's sleeve'.
Overall: Average to above average  Driveability: Above average  Acceleration: Above average  Transmission: Average  Handling/Manueverability: Above average  Roadholding: Average  Braking: Average  Ride: Above average  Noise (Lack of): Average  Interior/Comfort: Above average  Fuel Economy: Below average  Styling (Subjective): Excellent
I purchased my 91 LS400 from a owner who had purchased a new Ford SUV and I can say I love my LS400.  The power this car has is quite impressive. My only down fall is the air ride suspension. After a few weeks of having it, I took it to a tire shop to have the tires rotated and balanced because it was part of the warranty on the tires and I did not know this, but the 91 you have to flip a switch in the trunk on the left panel when the care is lifted ot towed, did you 91 owners know that? Anyway, the shop I took it too had to pay $2,300 dollars to get my shocks fixed based on them not turning that switch to the off position.  Also, if anyone here has the air ride suspension does your car ever release air from the shocks?  The car is driving fine with no problems, but that air release sound concerns me. It sounds like air brakes on a bus or truck, but no where near as loud. Let me know.
I have 140K miles on this car, and the car feels rock solid. I don''t have any trouble with this car except the power steering fluid leaked at 100K miles and the fluid blew the alternator which located below the power steering fluid tank. All Lexus 90-94 has this problem. I am now thinking buying a used Lexus 95-97 model, it looks better than the 2001 model.    About maintenace--it is necessary to have it repaired in Lexus dealer. Most automobile service doesn''t do good job, except changing oil, tire rotation, etc...  From model 95 or later, the reliability is better than the 90-94.
This is my first car. I bought this car 2 months ago at 86k miles. Before I got this car, I had a machanic checked it, and the power steering pump required some minor repair, which cost me about $200. Otherwise the car was in pristine condition. After I bouht the car I replaced all 4 tires and because the brake was noisy, I brought it to the local Lexus dealer (Lexus of Tucson) and it cost me $450 to have the problem fixed. Noise is gone, but brakes aren't great, even a Chevy Malibu brakes better than the LS 400. Great highway car. Gas milage is good for the car of this size, consumes about as much fuel as a V6 03 Honda Accord.   Traction control sometimes went off, then after a while, come back, particularly after a bit of highway driving.   Very comfortable car, the Nakamichi sound system is great! I am hoping to put another 100k miles on it.
Just got this car not more than two weeks ago.  But so far this car is GREAT!  There is no way you can tell this car is a 10 year old car.  Got the Lexus from Lexus of Lansing with 80K miles on it.  I highly recommend getting certified Lexus' from the dealership.  They usually only keep the cars that have been serviced there regularly, so they know the cars they are selling are top notch.  The car has a great ride and is very quit.  I drive this over 150 miles each day, between Detroit and Lansing.  I plan to get 3-4 years out of this car and upgrade to a newer (but used) LS400.   
I LOVE MY LEXUS !!!!!! My boyfriend dpurchased this car for me a little more than over a year ago, and other than a few oil changes and a tune up, it has been absolutely maintenance free! It is extremely quiet (sometimes I forget its even on), its in mint condition, everything still works. I have replaced the factory wheels with the latest 18' low profile tires and chrome rims. I also had the factory radio replaced with a Clarion 2256, multimedia system. It's so very cozy inside now. Oh, did I mention that this car has over 210,000 miles on it and it still drives like day 1. I will drive it as long as it holds up, butI know that when its time is up, it will DEFINATELY be replaced with another LEXUS,  undoubtebly !!!!!!
Have 213,000 miles on the dial and still keeps ticking.  Due for a $1000 tune-up with timing belts.  Wife has been primary driver.  She has worn a groove in the road to Minneapolis and back with the thing.  Brakes are awful.  Lexus should retro-fit every one of early cars with correct rotors...they are pathetic.  Bought it at 26,000 mi.  First owner paid near $50,000 for the first 26,000, we paid $30,000 for the last 190,000 miles.  This car still looks as good as the day we bought (better because I detailed it after we brought it home).  It does have rust starting in the doglegs of the rear quarters.  Bad engineering design, but a common Japanese problem.  Though the local dealer sucks, Lexus actually offered to flatbed the car to Omaha for service.  A very generous offer, but a real pain in the a--.  I would rather they just nuke the local dealer.  We will not buy another Lexus as long as we live here (couldn't deal with them to begin with), but the car is a GREAT vehicle with the exception of the Playschool binders.  My wife still enjoys the vehicle, which says something considering the windshield time she has had in it. We bought an E/B Expedition to replace it, but she still trades off with the Lexus.  Did I mention the brakes stink? 
My parents bought the car new in 1991. It was the 2nd sold from the dealership. Nakamichi system is incredible, perfect balance of all range of sound. My parents gave me this car when I started driving in 1997, I'm now 20, still driving the car after some modifications. Many are available, but they are expensive. 235/40/18 wheels and tires reduce the ride quality a bit, but this is a sacrifice with better handling. The car has also been lowered with Eibach Spring kit, and for 550 dollars (installed), it sure 'sports' up the handling quite a bit, but realize we're still talking Lexus here. Car retains an eyecatching yet elegant look, and is reliable in all situations. 85k on the odometer and it sounds and looks like it will go forever!Interested in some nice (not trashy) mods for your Lexus, just enough to give it an eyecatching look, check out www.wheel1.com or email me:s1256388@cedarville.eduTHANKS!
i would recomend this car to anyone who wants a luxury car cause they are nice and alot cheaper then any other luxury car. plus its a good deal comes with everything a $70,000 mercedes cost. 
I've had my '91 LS (no air suspension) for almost 10 years with almost 170,000 miles on the clock.  It has been stone reliable and feels as if it can go another 200,000 without a problem.  From the factory, the understressed engine lacks grunt and the slow shifting transmission hampers matters more.  The handling was also quite sloppy at quickened pace.  None of this is really the car's fault considering the targeted consumer.  Fortunately, there are a host of modifications available for those willing to seek them out (and pay the costs).  In my opinion, the first generation are still the cleanest looking of the LS line.
Recommended!  Very reliable, top notch dealer service!  Mercedes dealers in my area give out honda accords and nissan altimas as loaner cars, whereas the Lexus dealers give out RX300 and ES300.  For those of you that want a comfortable car, more features than a Mercedes S class, for $30,000 less, get an LS430!
I bought this car when it was eight years old and it had 68,000 miles on it.  It has 99,000 now and all I do is aim it, pay for it and change the oil (Mobil 1).  My 16 year old and his friends think it is a 'cool' car.  That surprised me.  They like the room, the leather seats, and the rock CD's I play.  Buy one if you like the strengths above.
Recommended for its good cost of ownership vs. quality of ownership.Let's face it, this car was modeled after the upper Mercedes line. But at the prices you can get these for with low milage I can't imagine a better car deal. Most everything about this car stands over the test of time. Any problems or dislikes are relatively minor. Not recommended to those who really *need* to be in an M3, 540i, or S6/8. ('Ronin' car chase types)Not recommended to those who can affort a nice black S-Class. :-)  (Style and design buyers who don't mind spending big)Recommended to anyone else looking for quality that is hard to match.  
For an all around luxury  car that does everything well, is extremely reliable and reasonably priced-- this car wins hands down. I will be the first to admit the BMW out performs it and out styles it, the MB is more tank like(solid), the Audi can give you 4 wheel drive,etc.--but for day to day driving (work, soccer, etc)--the Lexus 400 wins.
Bought a 1990 one and paid $16,000 and I would certainly recommend it; any year is good.
I'm concerned that I may not ever be happy with any other car.
Outstanding car, probably the best for the money.  Would definitely recommend the car to anyone willing to pay the price.
I purchased this car in 1997 with 103,000. It had been well maintained. Now I have 183,000 and have only replaced the alternator other than normal maintenance. It still drives smoother than any mid priced new car I've been in. Power is incredible. I pull an 18' boat at times and don't even notice the drag at full speed on a steep hill on the freeway.   This is my first foreign car in 25 years of prior car ownership.
Excellent car allround!
Hello Chaps Let me just say this who ever critizises the Phaeton obvioulsy has no clue about a good car n exceptional engineering! the phaeton is a well put together car. Ive owned my for about a year now n i see no flaws! 'The phaeton is an S class engineered by people who went to collage'
Love this car. It is better then my 745li and is something to hold onto for along time. Massage seating, air conditioned seating, I could go on and on. I find things to do just so I can drive this car. You will definitely not be dissappointed with this vehicle.
This is the best car that I have EVER driven. I have experienced the best of luxury and this car is something else. Some of the features in this car are not available in a group of the luxury car market. The sound system in this car is so clear and crisp it is like you are at a concert. There is a DSP upgrade for the radio that will allow the driver to have total control of how the sound is projected in the vehicle. The navigation system is precise and easy to use. The BMW 740IL iDrive system is just ridiculous, it turns the simple functions of the car into an all day owners manuel cramming session. The massaging front and rear seats is a nice touch for anyone that enters my car. The fact that this magnificent piece of machinery has a Volkswagen name plate is the BEST OF IT ALL! I don't feel like such a consumer driving my luxury car. The vehicle has a dampening control and a ride height adjustment creating a drive just how I LIKE IT. My advice to you is to stop looking at the BMW, Mercedes, or Lexus and take a drive in the Phaeton.
I test drove the Audi A8L, BMW 745L, Mercedes S500, Lexus LS430 and the VW Phaeton. All are nice cars. The Phaeton has a unique character, the most comfortable seats, the most intuitive infotainment system, a great ride, a great stereo (rivals Mark Levinson in Lexus), the best interior, the most comfortable seats, and the best value.     If you are more conscientious about what you drive or what you are seen in, then maybe a volkswagon is not for you. But if you want a car with great engineering and character, put this on your list.     The engineering in phenominal. The draft free AC, the great ergonimics, the thoughtful details, the quaity of assembly and materials, and the use of large clear buttons like the japanese (not little tiny cryptic ones as in other german models). It seems to me that Volkswagon took the best of other cars in its class (japanese, german, british) and put it into one package.     The car is very heavy, but the V8 pulls this car with authority. It is under 7 seconds to 60mph, and it feels like it. This car is faster than my Audi A6 4.2 that I traded in.    If you are into gadgets like I am (I am an engineer by trade), this car will not dissapoint you.
This car has the worst GPS system in existance. You get lines depicting streets with no street names. That makes it worthless. THis for $95K? Went to order the new Bently Continental GT. I was told it has the same crappy GPS in it. Did not complete the order. VW/Bentley must think we are stupid.
Excellent quality and engineering. The NAR GPS uses Navteq maps and does have an option for showing street names. The biggest drawback was that it is CD based rather than DVD.
Nice compact & solid swedish car I like all but passenger side seat has manual control. I like all rain sensor and speed sense audio, weather package etc  I like unique 5 cylinder - only odd number I loved speed once but now i need safety and saving without autoban
Overall, this is an attractive and fun to own vehicle. With the T5 engine and AWD, acceleration and handling are very good. Winter driving was secure, backed up by excellent safety features.  Unfortunately, this vehicle also came with a number of quality problems right off the assembly line. The left-rear stereo speaker has had an annoying buzz that the dealership can't trace. Also, as others have mentioned, the A/C system made a weird hooting noise, which the dealership has been able to resolve. While highway gas mileage is quite good, city mileage is dismal.  Storage is extremely limited, although the space behind the floating center console is handy. Despite an extremely small opening, the trunk is surprisingly large. All in all, I don't know if I would purchase this same car again. Poor service at the dealership may have something to do with this. I don't regret my purchase. I just don't have the same warm feeling about this car that I've had about others I've purchased in the past.
Annoying Owl Sounds. Still waiting on 'computer software fix' Problems with fuel pressure gauge and clock resets itself. Annoying nonlinear acceleration.  Volvo does not support their products...do not buy from them.
I absolutely love my new Volvo S40. I drove an S70 for 8 years, and not only was it a high maintenance car, but also highly maintained! The S40 is no different, although the exterior seems easier to clean and keep clean.
Previously to this car I had driven a 2001 Toyota Camry Collectors Edition (similar to the XLE). This was a great car but was totalled in a hit and run by an unlicensed driver. Recently I decided to purchase this Volvo due to the fact that the 2004.5 model was coming out and I could get a great deal. And I did for the most part. I bought a 2004 Volvo S40 LSE. However, since I've had it, it's had some minor problems. Despite that scratches it has taken within it's first month (some quite deep), and it's blemishs which have kept me awake some nights, there are other issues to take note of. First off the audio system sucks. The one in the camry was much better. I have the upgraded premium audio (HU-555 w/ upgraded speakers). While the audio is decent, upon first driving the car I noticed that the right passenger speaker has issues with rattling. I made sure it was the speaker because as soon as I grabbed hold of the door, the rattling stopped due to the door's stabilization. A relativley minor problem, you might say. Then there is the issue of a 'scraping' sound when I take dips. I take great care of my car and take dips at EXTREMELY slow speeds. However, there is an apparent scratching like noise at certain angles that the turn/dip is being taken at. I've heard this sound just driving on the 91 fwy with no major bumps at all. The car's drive magnificantly for a fwd vehcile. In comparison with other fwd drive cars I've driven, this by far takes the cake. It's four cylinder turbo is much smoother than my V6 camry ever was. It provide a nice little kick that shows it's more than just a family sedan. Handling is quite surprising as well. I've heard many reviewers saying that the handling on this vehicle is subpar, I can assure you that this is not the case at all. I've taken it through rough, rough corners at above 50mph, and for a four door sedan to accompish these kinds of performance manuevers, specially within this price range, proves that it definetly is a contender. Where this vehicle falls short is in it's features. In terms of audio and other features such as a compass, disc changer, homelink, navigation, this car falls short to competitors in it's range such as the ES330, Toyota Camry, Honda Accord, Nissan Altima, and Mazda 6. It also lacks some of the features found in other near-luxury cars such as the Mercedes C230 and BMW 325i. However the leather seating is amongst the best I've ever sat in. Very, very comfortable seating. The audio is horrible, I recommend replacing the 6 speaker 'premium' with something better. It's a joke, really for that kind of system to be in this kind of car. As far as drive is concerned, the S40 whoops all non-luxury competitors such as Toyota (Lexus ES330 as well), Nissan, and Mazda. I also believe it edges out the C230 sedan in terms of performance and is more along the lines of a BMW 325i, again which is fantastic when viewing it as a FWD sedan. The car does 0-60 in 7.3 seconds which is comparable to the C230(7.5) and 325i(7.3). I would give this car a 8/10 in comparison to others in it's class and a 9/10 in comparison to it's price value.
I live in Mexico I bought the car because I allways want a VOLVO but VOLVO is in Mexico since 1999. Any way I went to BMW dealer to compare the cars, the 323 was horrible (no electric seats, no automatic air conditioning, no cd, horrible wheels 15') then I went to an Audi dealer an my opinion is that the Audi's cars are very expensive and they still have a big gap among BMW, Mercedes (german cars) or Volvo, they are relatively new in luxury brand, they have good performance and nice looking but they have not the reputation standars for the price and about reliability well.. I prefer to omit my opinion. I know about Audi because I am working in a project In vw's factory in puebla Mexico and I know the highs and the lows
I love to read the reviews of this car from people you have less than 6 months expierence with it.  They are so upbeat and positive.  Exactly like I felt when I first bought my car in Sweden.  But, I tend to get upset when my 28000 car spends as much time in the shop as in my driveway.  To all the new s40 owner, make sure you get the Volvo of North America phone number, the Volvo of Sweden phone number, and don't forget your lawyers number either.  Unfortunately, you will find that the car has many safety issue (like front end suspension bolts coming loose), as well as small annoyances, that will make those calls necessary.  Although I really love the styling of my Volvo, I bought the car for safety and reliablility.  Post 'Ford' Volvo cannot provide those anymore. Some people don't like to hear honest comments.  I guess they will just live and learn (and pay!) for their mistakes.  I wish you all good luck with your cars, and I hope Volvo will make improvements to the '40 line in the future.
For STEVE,SOUTH RIDING,VA,USAtHE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN US-VERSION 160 HP, AND EUROPIAN VERS. IS THIS:THE PRESSURE OF THE TURBOCHARGER.bY THE WAY IN EUROPE THEY(VOLVO)ARE SALEING BOTH VERSIONS OF THE CAR.LPT(LOW PRESSURE TURBO,WHIT 160 HP)AND HPT(HIGH PRESSURE TURBO,WHIT 200 HP).BUT THE CARS HAVE DIFERRENT ENGINES TOO.1948CMC(160 HP)1855(200 HP).I HOPE YOU READ THIS.FOR MORE QUESTIONS E MAIL ME AT URSNSD34@YAHOO.COM 
In under 5 months of owning this car I have had 6 things go wrong:  2x the shiftlock has broken, 1 rattle behind the front dash (kick panel), continuous rattle in passenger door (resonance buzz sound with vibration of road and/or radio), the driver's door has same resonance buzz noise and the recirculation cuts out after 12+ minutes despite holding down recirc button for the instructed 3 seconds which supposedly overrides this time-limit feature set by the ECC standards.  I owned 2 Fords before this car and I NEVER had a problem.  So, for the extra $10k I spent for a Volvo I get to visit the service department every 3 weeks and get a S60 to drive.  ps.  I was told the S60 is far better than all the other models Volvo has to offer.
This car is produced in the Netherlands. As an American that has lived amoungst the Dutch it doesn't surprise me how many problems people are experiencing with these cars. The Dutch only work 4 days a week and have a socialized country. The government runs their lives and they are incapable of making any decisions or judgement calls.     I can guarrentee that if a shift ends that the workers immediately run home to thier families and don't even bother finishing what they were working on. If you don't beleive me there is a book called 'The Undutchable' that talks about their culture.    The Dutch actually do manufacture some very popular products that are distributed world wide, such as Ecstacy, 85% of the world supply is from the Netherlands. It's also a nice place to visit because Marajana and Prostitution is legal in every city. The Dutch are also big on Bicycling manufacturing. They produce steel bikes that weigh over 35 pounds and are based on 1950's designs.    Trust me you do NOT want to buy a car manufactured in the Netherlands, maybe some home grow weed, but not a car.
The pricing of this car here in Malaysia I would not enter into as the Govenment adds a killer 110% sales tax. As for the car itself we are very happy with it. At around the 4000 kilometre point the engine is truly ready to move the car along effortlessly, the take off from a standing position, is extremely quick.The interior is well finished and comfortable.Volvo did recall the vehicle for a free wheel alignment of the rear wheels, this took a few hours.Overall it gets us from A to B in comfort and safety and isn't that really is what the bottom line is all about. 
i would not recomend it 
This is a great car it really is. i've had no problems so far it's very reliable; it's always a joy to drive i've had it for almost a month now and i still get a smile on my face every time i get in the car.  The engine's just right. It's powerful, but not outspoken.  I'd recommend this wonderful car to anyone that has the money
I am what can be called a Volvo fan (yes, these people DO exist) and was very surprised when I read some of the reviews that are posted on the 70-series page (if you like Volvos, it's DEFENITELY worth a read). I had my 740 from 1997 to just recently (late 2000), and the only complaint I have is the maintenenace and repairs, while rare, were costly when they were needed . I test drove a 2000 S40 Turbo, a what looked like fully loaded one, and dindn't feel that the over $28K sticker was worth it for a 4-cylinder model.After all, a 323 is about that much and is 6 cylinders AND A BMW.BUT ATTENTION ALL S40 OWNERS/LEASERS (I don't think that's the right word): WHAT IS THIS CAR GOING TO PERFORM LIKE IN 2,3,4, AND SO ON YEARS? ISN'T SAYING IT'S 'VERY RELIABLE' AFTER HAVING THE CAR FOR 1 YEAR OR LESS A LITTLE PREMATURE? A CAR THAT'S ONE YEAR OLD IS SUPPOSED TO BE RELIABLE, ESPECIALLY WHEN BOUGHT BRAND NEW! Particularly after having read those 70-Series reviews (I was REALLY surprised by what some people had to say) and remembering the fact that FORD (e-mail me if you'd like to know what thats an acronym for) has bought Volvo, I, too, have begun to question Volvo's reliability.So how about we wait a year or two and see what all you S40 Drivers have to say then?If you have any questions/comments/concerns, please feel free to e-mail me at the e-mail address listed above.
I've just taken delivery of my brand new S40 that comes with FULL options, and to begin with, that's value for money for what I have! The driving experience so far has been simply superb - quiet comfortable ride, enough power (I'm not driving it rough as it still needs to be run-in), and lots of very driver/passenger friendly stuffs throughout the interior. The safety features are very good peace of mind, though we never would hope we have to test them. I think the S40 looks brilliant as well - very young and aerodynamic. It drives like a Japanese car, and to some, it may be a slight negative if you really want that heavy sturdy 'European' feel of typical old Volvos. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that my S40 will stay in mint shape for years for me to enjoy!I still yet have to name it and keep that traditional Volvo ownership going!
I didn't actually want or go looking go for a Volvo. Actually, this was a gift. For years now, I've been driving sports cars, so this was a pretty drastic change.    But, lemme tell you, it's snowing today and I've never loved this car more. First of all, it's super-comfy. Even when it's a nice day out, and part of you rather just walk to enjoy the weather, the car is an undeniably nicer place to be than anywhere else.    In addition to the physical comfort offered by the heated leather seats, wonderful climate control, and tight seals from nature's worst (like today), there's a level of mental comfort that can't really be measured. Driving it, there's more safety 'felt' than there is 'known'.    As in, yes, you know there are air bags everywhere, and steel reinfocement all around you. Yes, you know there's traction control, and even whiplash protection built into the seats. But, you find yourself not thinking about any of that. The car is just so tight, so sealed, and so quiet, that knowing all those safety features are hidden beneath it doesn't matter - you just plain feel safe being in it.    It's as you can tell the manufacturers, and as such, now the car, actually care about you.
My parents bought me this car with safety in mind. I must honestly say that I was looking for something slightly more sporty like a BMW or Lexus IS300, but this car certainly didn't disappoint me at all and it makes my parents happy which is also a plus. My family loves Volvos and my dad drives their top, limited edition S80 T6 Exectutive model. Now, from what I have observed so far, the S40 has quality on par with it's bigger brother the S80 and in my opinion is a lot more fun to drive. I read all of these reviews and was fearing getting my new car, but it would seem that Volvo worked out all the bugs in this model year and I really like the new stearing wheel.
I got my Volvo S 40 for Christmas and let me tell you i am impressed. My #1 concern was the safty aspect. I am 18 years old and like to party like everyone else did at my age. It handles very well and the sports mode comes in very handy. If you want a car that handles better than it looks, the Volvo s 40 is for you. and with 4 airbags youll drive safe.
My S40 is a diesel powered 5 speed manual transmission car. I bought it as a used car with 32000 miles on the clock in July 2004 for the price of £GBP10,500 (approx US$19,000). I took it in for service when the light came on and my local dealership replaced, under warranty, the bushes for the rear suspension(it had been owned by a car hire agency)and at my instigation the rear brake discs and pads were replaced - I like my cars to be able to stop when I want them to!!    I have now done 8000 miles in the car and I really cannot fault it. The fuel economy is superb - 60 British miles to the British gallon at 60 mph. I would prefer to have the electric seat but one cannot have everything all the time.    Having read the reviews on here about this vehicle, I have to say that we in Britain must get a better quality built S40 than you folks in the USA. The problems that you folks have had defies belief. And as for dealership problems, I have to say that I have no problems with my local dealership (who are not the ones I bought the car from) and they have been absolutely great. I use Volvo owners insurance so I can have a loan car when mine is in for service. My dealership rings the insurance company (without charge to me) and effects the changeover. I then drive away with a top of the range S40 or S80. One of these days, I will like the loan car so much I won't take it back!!    I can only surmise, that as all Volvo dealerships are franchises irrespective of where you are in the world, that some of the mechanics are not really up to scratch when it comes to working on a Volvo. Fortunately the mechanics at my dealership are second to none and yes my car was washed after its last service (again no charge) which I think only goes to prove the pride in which they take in their work. I sincerely sympathise with those of you who have been receiving substandard service from your dealerships.    Okay, I'm not really all that interested in having the up to date must have hifi equipment in the car. That is not a priority for me. I have the standard HU605 setup which has a three band radio, single cd and cassette player. The audio system is more than adequate for my use - I am not one of those who thinks it clever to drive around a neighbourhood in a mobile disco.     The car itself does what I want it to do without any fuss. It looks good - perlescent black paint with 15' alloy wheels - and the daytime running lights along with side markers, for me, adds to that appeal.  The car looks the business. It gets some very jealous looks wherever I go with it.    As for bulb burnout, I have not had that problem. Is this a production quality control problem within the USA or are you folks being supplied with substandard lightbulbs?    I certainly have not had any problems with erroneous indicator lights on the dashboard. Someone mentioned that there wasn't a ding ding sound or tone when someone had not put on their seatbelt?  My car has a tick tick sound if I do not put on my seatbelt. A small light illuminates and flashes on the console where the overhead lights are located - silly place - and I get a steady light on the dashboard console. Personally I think that these are the wrong way around.    Someone else mentioned the suspension.  Yes, my car has the sports suspension which, I have to agree that it can be rather harsh. This probably explains why the rear suspension bushes had to be replaced as well being used as a hire car (see comment above).    Apart from that I cannot really fault the car, other than to say I am going to have to replace it. Due to a knee injury, I am going to have to source an automatic/geartronic version and will probably look at the S60.    The only crticisms that I have of the S40 are:  1. Due to the angle of the car it is nigh on impossible to judge where the back end is when you are reversing due to the angle of tilt. Fine, I could retrofit a reversing sensor device and that would solve the problem. But it does not address the original problem of the design.  2. The external mirrors are not large enough to eradicate the rearview blindspots particularly when overtaking. I find that I have to check over my shoulder to make sure that I have not got someone there in the blindspot area.  This appears to be standard with Volvo. each one that I have owned have had this problem.  And finally  3. The windscreen pillars are rather thick and actually create a blindspot that hides other vehicles. Where I live I drive to a T-junction and actually have to look around one of the pillars to make sure I have not missed the oncoming vehicle on the major road.    Apart from that, as a modern day car, I cannot fault it.
Love my car. Hate the dealership. Don't service your car there! After 2 months still don't have my title. It was a loaner car for the dealership in its previous life. Has about 15,000 miles on it now. The left outside mirror was loose and the rear brake pads needed changing (how do you wear out rear pads so quickly?). Other than that, it's been wonderful.
I really love my car.  I love the way it drives and looks.  Most importantly, I love the safety and affordability of the car.  It is an excellent choice for an entry level vehicle in a luxury/near luxury category.
Had to chang rear brake pads and rotors at 22k miles! Lots of stop-go traffic but to replace rotors is ridiculous. Dealer said wear-tear, ok but at least customer should be told about it before it becomes a big problem. Volvo spaced the checkup too far apart at 7.5k miles.
Mine was a demo car. I bought it with just under 5,000 miles on it. So far, I too have had the brake pads replaced at 19,000 miles...a little too soon, I thought. Other than that, I just had a temperature sensor replaced because AC began blowing warm air. Occasionally, it won't start for no apparent reason, but turns over on the second or third try. Overall, it's a great car. I like the price I paid, and the dealership is great. They provide a loaner car if you make an appt. in advance for service. Mine has 27,000 miles on it currently because I drive it alot for my job. After reading some of the horror stories, I am sorry I didn't buy the extended warranty because now I don't know what to expect.
I have a 2002 v40 wagon. I have 16' wheels on it to make it look a little more sporty. Only 15' are available in the states so I had to get some from Europe.  This wagon is a great car! It is nice for people who like something sporty but not with the harsh ride.  I think Volvo worked hard to fix all of the earlier problems as I have had none so far!
I love this car, I haven't had one thing go wrong so far and knock on wood don't intend on any problems. The gas mileage is great, it is comfortable and the air-conditioner cools you down really quick. I look forward to using the heated seats and hope the winter button will be useful in the winter. The only dissapointment for the money is no CD player and you can't buy any after market one that isn't volvo for $800 which is way too much.
The 2002 Volvo S40 is fast becoming a 'lemon'. Beware that each time the brakes are applied, a buzzing noise will be heard. Volvo USA and the dealer consider this a 'normal characteristic for this model car'. Even a Yugo doesn't make this sound. It's similar to when a Caterpillar tractor backs up.    It's amazing because Volvo USA has a Service Bulletin out for excessive noise; front door window, but not for a brake problem.     The trunk release failed and the airbag deployment light came on.
The wait finally paid off!!!.....  Just got the 2002 S40 w/ Sport Package (must have) + Audio package 2 weeks before christmas 2001.  Sport Package = BLACK headlights bezels, Titanium-like trim instead of wood, SPORT SEATS (better than stock cloth, if you hate leather seats or the stock cloth), wing spoiler, SPORT WHEELS (even though it's very puny, 15', but it's alright...better that stock).  NEW COLOR: Atlantic Blue (light blue)...... never seen that kind of volvo in town before.  Friends thought it's worth about 40K.  No more flimsy cupholders like the previous model year.  The cupholders sit next to the parking brake and on the armrest (back seat).  Very solid!!.....So far no engine problem, just the right foglight screws weren't tight; loose foglight ( .5 hour repair ).  If driven in appropriate way, 21 mpg can be achieved.  Notice that the engine takes advantage of the turbo A LOT (uses more air).  Go for the 2002!!......
i bought the 2.0 n/a version of the car .  it is ok for city traffic , the fuel consumption is low , and there is enough torque down low . but for an 'exciting' drive it's just isnt powerful enough .  handle ok , understeer a bit , but easy to correct . the drive feels firm , solid , and composed , not the 'floaty' drive u'd get from passat , bora or audi .  recommended for the use as a daily commuter , but if u r after something that is more fun , go get a BMW ( i couldn't get one cuz i didnt have enough $$ , BMWs r more expensive than s40 here )
SOO FAST!! GREAT TURNS!
A mix of Volvo durability and Japanese-type flimsiness.  Drove off the lot with a steering wheel not centred and interior rattles and after 2 weeks driving, a sagging drivers seat (how was I going to endure 48 months of leasing with this?). Your butt sinks in too far and support only comes from the side bolsters. One of the main reasons for buying this car was the allegedley good seating. Note: I am an average-sized person. Dealer put in a new seat cushion - didn't do any good of course - (placebo effect) - just ended up scratching plastic trim etc. which had to be replaced.  Eventually I fixed it myself by adding straps under the cushion with extra foam padding.  Now seat is probably as the designers intended.  This must be a supplier quality issue.  My dealer told me that others had complained about the same thing. Variable power assisted steering is 'dead' on centre - Volvo should check out how GM does theirs. Presets on the radio would be nice. Upgraded speakers felt like they were shaking the door to pieces! Because car is small (it feels small especially coming from a Camry), steering wheel is offset from drivers position - I should have checked this out more carefully when I test drove it.  Gauges are hard to see at times. Driver's door limiting bar started 'clicking' after 3 weeks like a 10 year old car. All I did to cure this was pack the cheap split pin with grease.  I shouldn't have to do this on a 38K car!  This is downright cheap - and it shows!  Compared to 'real' Volvos this smells of Ford cheapness - make it look good, but build it cheap.  My wife's GrandAm is a much more solid car even if not as refined. Gas consumption is higher than I originally assumed (only slightly better than my 1992 Camry 3 litre V6)- must be the turbo.  If you drive this car very, very carefully, you get good mileage, but if you drive it 'normally' you don't.  But it is a lot of fun to drive. Heating controls work OK, but it's hard to get cool fresh air from the dash vents while still keeping warm air on your feet.  Once again, Volvo should check out how GM does this. To sum up, car runs fine, but it's not worth the money and when my lease is over I will be looking for something else.  I believe that all car manufacturers are selling today's cars with yesterday's reputation - Volvo is no different.
It looks like a $27,000-Car. It is a $29,000-Cars. And it drives now (after 10 Months) noisy like a $17,000-diesel- truck; and the guys from Volvo-service (Las Vegas, NV) tell us: It 's normal !
A competent car with some flair but generally conservative minded.  Purchased this from the dealer's loaner pool with 4k miles already logged on the car.  Has the cold weather/sun roof cd equipment package, but w/o leather seats or spoiler, so it's apparently an uncommon combo.  Overall it's been a good car free of the serious problems others complain of (those complaints seem to mostly involve the 2000 model).  I've put 6k miles on it in 6 months, and it's only been in the shop for its regular oil change.  The service log already in the car indicated no problems during its first 4k miles.
I bought my first Volvo due to the safety features and great reputation. However, after having the new vehicle for a month the problems started. So far, it has been in the shop three times for the check engine light and once for the recall for this. It has almost no traction in the snow. The thing does not make it up the driveway or out without going sideways. My previous car, a GrandAm, had absolutely no problem in the snow. It must just be this model. Friends who have other models love thier car and have no problems. I don't think I would ever purchase another Volvo.    The options on the sports edition are nice and it is a sporty looking vehicle.
Leased it since 2000 Oct, now 2002 May at 48,000KM. The only thing that I had changed were: cabin air filter at 24,000KM service, brake pads at 36,000KM service, and 2 H7 bulbs at 47,500 and 48,000KM.   All electronic related devices are ok...so far, as European cars tend to have more problem in this category.
Bang for the buck this is one great car.  Girlfriend has a 2001 330xi and for what this car has in it, you cant go wrong.  Short of the all wheel drive fit and finish is on par with BMW.  Performance from the 1.9T is pretty impressive, I prefer more power and will upgrade the Turbo to 200 HP.  Could use a little bigger wheels which I will also put on.
I have fully enjoyed the comfort and feel of the S40. I was skeptical at first as I have never liked to purchase a vehicle when it is first introduced to the market. The s40 seems like it has more power than 160 hp and the control on the road is very impressive. The climate control and your average Volvo safety features are added bonuses. My Volvo has leather trim and wood paneling making the vehicle very comfortable. The trunk offers a lot of space for the size of the  vehicle.  Unfortunatley the glove comparment and the cupholder it the back (very flimsy) broke after the first two weeks of driving the car. The service department (like all Volvo Dearlerships) was very helpful and had brand new equipment installed in less than a week. (very impressive) I would definately recommend this vehicle for anyone with a small family who wants a smaller, safe, and  fun to drive vehicle.
Very impressed with the car.  Excellent driving, braking, and overall a quality ride.  I have been in a Volvo driving family my entire life.  From 240's to 740's.  I swore when I turned 17 that I would never drive a Volvo.  My first car was a Jeep Cherokee and I loved it, and still held up that would never drive a Volvo.  Unfortunately I had to get rid of the Cherokee, around the same time my parents moved, so they got me my S40.  I was depressed the entire week I waited for it to arrive.  Within 5 minutes of driving it, I was a totally changed person.  After 2 months of driving it and 7,000 miles, I am still in love with this vehicle.  I felt it needed something, considering I am 19 and a Volvo is more an ADULT car. So I tinted out my Metallic Midnight S40 with Limo tint all around, and immediately I knew I had found what I had been looking for.  once I reached my 1000 mile break in period, I have pushed this car to the max, and it is always ready for more.  My stock S40 has beaten an Audi A4, an Accord V6, and numerous other cars.  I love this car and I don't care what my friends say, this is a quality automobile, and I recommend it to everyone of all ages.
It's a great car, I don't know why magazines reviews were so unfair to it.  It delivers pure sportyness, It's almost two years with the car and would love to own it as much as possible..  The stongest side of this car is performance and handling, plus it's good price.  Very good choice for those who want a car they can modify (tune). Drive it and you'll know what I mean.
Decent car for the price but it doesn't have the feel of a true volvo.  The overall quality of the interior doesn't live up to that of a volvo....probably due to the involvement of FORD.  I've had a lot of minor problems with my s40 including the front passenger's plastic door piece (where the window button is) completely came detached, the AC works but it very hot weather doesn't get cold, the cd player doesn't play certain types of cdr's, the speaker/alarm light on the dash seems to be coming off and the driver's side seatbelt doesn't work well. Also- at times the door locks seem to have problems as well. These...not to mention many underlying problems with the ultimate design.    I am 18 years old and my parents bought me this car 2 months ago with safety as their primary concern.  It seemed to be the perfect compromise...I loved the sleek European look and they were happy with the image of volvo as being number one in safety.  From reading many reviews it is questionable as to whether this was the right choice.  Although I have not had any major problems as some s40 owners who have testified on this site, the minor problems make me a beliver.  I am very concerned that with the progression of time I will experience major problems.
Worth the money.  A little small and light. Quick accelerating.  The best 4 cylinder car out there.  Very safe, but expensive to fix.  The way the  radio and air conditioner looks is horrible, who designed it.  The minor weaknesses are made up for by the great value.  If you can afford it, buy it.
for some reason i hate toyota cars. maybe its because everyone has one, maybe because the design is generic, but in any case the truth is that toyota is probably the best deal for a car. but toyota lacks something that volvo has- when i see a volvo i recognize it as a high quality car, i dont even see the toyota. toyota feels like a toy to drive, and doesnt give the same feeling as driving a volvo. its not concrete, but it is distinctive. the s40 is perhaps the cheapest of the volvos, and i must defend this car from all the negative comments. perhaps the 2000 model had problems but the 2001 s40 is an excellent entry level. to make comments of paint scratches and other superficial problems can be applied across all brands- all cars have paint, and all paints can be scratched. the 2000 s40 seems to have been a disaster of a car, but the 2001 model has been an excellent car within its price range. the moonroof is perfectly fine open at speeds up to 65mph and the stereo is enough for a car audio- today's audio decks are too fancy and distracting for a driver. i have driven lexus gs and is series cars but volvo cars come back as the durable, no nonsense cars. if you want a car with the more 'durable' paint go get a saturn. 
While I still enjoy driving this car, I have had several minor problems & 2 major.  Small things like rattles, seat back that wouldn't recline, deffective power door lock, etc. are simply a pain because they require a visit to the dealer, but... A stalling problem when turning left (in traffic) is downgright dangerous and now, the rear brakes are gone after only 16,000km! (10,000mi).  Volvo also refuses to cover the repair because they are wear & tear items.This would have been a great car if it weren't for the brakes.  Now it's only average.In retrospect, I migth have been happier with a Maxima, but there's just too many around. (Maybe because they ARE good cars?)
So far I have found the S40 to be a fun and well designed driving experience. The 1.9 Turbo provides excellent real world performance. The S40 has crisp handling and feels like a true sports sedan. The interior is made of first rate materials and the seats and driving position are outstanding. I compared this vehicle to the Audi A4 1.8T and the VW Passat 1.8T. The combination of performance, ride, safety and value offered by the S40 was clear. 
Great Entry level European car. I went with the S40 due to sharp appearance, safty features and overall fit & finish. This car is put together very well on the inside and out. The interior surfaces all blend together well, with very little gapping between parts. The materials match well together. An interior trim kit can be found for around $200 and make the duller basic model look sportier than the upscale leather / wood trim package. The cabin feels roomy enough, but the addition of a sunroof makes the car feel like the larger S60. The outside trim is equally impressive when bundled with the sport appearance package.  The body colored spoiler and fog lights add an look that normally is reserved for BMW and Audi.The 1.9 liter Turbocharged engine is quite powerfull, and acceleration is smooth and even throughout the powerband. After the initial 'Turbo Lag' has dissapeard, the car rushes straight to 100mph with little effort. The automatic transmission seems to add extra power in the 55mph to 75mph passing range for quick and safe passing. For under $1000, an ECU upgrade and Exhaust Upgrade can push this engine to the 200hp found in the European version.Overall i give this car very high marks, and a must have for the $25K to $35K catagory.
I had a horrible experience with the car, but an even worse experience with the company, Volvo! They did not resolve my issues and discouraged any kind of resolution. They violated the California Song-Beverly Consumer Warranty Act and the Tanner Consumer Protection Act section 1793.2. I was thoroughly frustrated and tired of dealing with VOLVO after 2 years of trying to get these issues resolved. Horrible customer service. All in all I had over 17 repair attempts, and 13 out of the 17 repairs, something was replaced.   I finally was able to obtain an adequate resolution by contacting a lawyer! If you need a lawyer versed in California lemon law, please feel free to contact me and I will refer you to one!! Volvo needs to know and understand that they cannot push around their customers and continue to have a good reputation for reliability!!! If you have ANY kind of problem with your volvo, take it in and demand that it be fixed, right away! Don't let VOLVO bull you over like they tried to do to me!!  My lawyer demanded Volvo buy back my vehicle, and finally they did. But not without legal persuasion. I hate to think that if I had not retained a lawyer..I would still be driving a lemon!!!
I chose it for the safety features and the great price. The car was a demo with very low miles and it came with a full warranty. Felt like it was a good choice since I am with child. Safe and cheap.    Since it was on the lot as a demo I'm sure it had been rode hard and it had some minor flaws as to be expected. The dealership fixed all of them, while lending me a loaner car.     I've have noticed that it downshifts kind of rough and spontaneously when I take corners and try to accelerate. The strange thing is that it only does it sometimes. I need to take it in for that. I also just noticed a loose front headlamp. Will have to get that fixed too. Both of which are covered by the warranty.    You get what you pay for with this car. It is the baby Volvo in every aspect (price,style,ammenities,engine size, etc...) except safety.     One can't expect to pay half the price and get the whole bag of goodies.
Really nice car! The acceleration was great, I beat plenty of wannabe street racers in their Hondas etc. off the line. Very smooth ride, great handling and really good in the snow! I live in Colorado and the traction control helped me many times. One of the first to come out with side curtain airbags, I felt very safe after being in a flip/rollover accident. Volvo also appears to have stayed away from their usual 'box-like' style. I drove on average 50 miles a day and it never failed me. The dealership was also very nice to me (being a young female, they actually explained everything to me instead of trying to trick me into buying crap that I didn't need). Very stable, all in all, I really liked it. My only complaints would be the horrific factory stereo system and weak speakers. I replaced my deck with an Alpine and I enjoyed that a lot, but left the speakers and ended up having to replace two blown ones. The brakes had to be replaced a total of 3 times in the course of two years, there were only 30,000 miles on it! Most of the scheduled check-ups were also very costly-after all it is a luxury car. Also, I had cloth seats and the upholstery was nearly impossible to clean. Even if I spilled water on it, there was a permanent spot. Also, the gas tank is really small. It gets good gas mileage (I normally got around 24-25 in town and 27-28 on the highway) but only holds 10 gallons.
Really nice car! The acceleration was great, I beat plenty of wannabe street racers in their Hondas etc. off the line. Very smooth ride, great handling and really good in the snow! I live in Colorado and the traction control helped me many times. One of the first to come out with side curtain airbags, I felt very safe after being in a flip/rollover accident. Volvo also appears to have stayed away from their usual 'box-like' style. I drove on average 50 miles a day and it never failed me. The dealership was also very nice to me (being a young female, they actually explained everything to me instead of trying to trick me into buying crap that I didn't need). Very stable, all in all, I really liked it. My only complaints would be the horrific factory stereo system and weak speakers. I replaced my deck with an Alpine and I enjoyed that a lot, but left the speakers and ended up having to replace two blown ones. The brakes had to be replaced a total of 3 times in the course of two years, there were only 30,000 miles on it! Most of the scheduled check-ups were also very costly-after all it is a luxury car. Also, I had cloth seats and the upholstery was nearly impossible to clean. Even if I spilled water on it, there was a permanent spot. Also, the gas tank is really small. It gets good gas mileage (I normally got around 24-25 in town and 27-28 on the highway) but only holds 10 gallons.
I'm not sure I've ever been less satisfied or more disappointed with a vehicle, or any product for that matter. I bought the Volvo name because of its reputation for reliability and safety. For starters, after I bought the car new in 2001, the dealership promtly quit selling or servicing Volvos. The next closest dealership is over 90 miles away in Houston. I have never taken the car to the dealership and left with a bill under $500. Standard maintainance costs are staggering. It's something everytime it goes in for service. There isn't a light bulb on the car that hansn't been replaced numerous times. The brakes - rotors, pads, and calipers have all been replaced - numerous times - at great expense (was charged over $700 for last job). There is always, without fail, some kind of sensor that needs to be replaced. Now, it's in the shop again and they 'haven't figured out yet what could be causing the driveability problems'. I fear it's the transmission. The resale value on the car has always been crap or I would have traded it a long time ago. In '03 with less than 70K miles, it was worth less than 5 grand. 20,000 dollars in depreciation in only 2 years. I'm not sure what Ford has done to this company, but there's no wonder Ford is going broke! I would never recommend a Volvo to anyone.
I bought the base model with only 10 miles. Few problems, had to replace both the brake pads and tires at 32k. I have driven the car all over the southern US with no problems. I have a hard time with activating the cruise control. For the first month of owning the car, a small of old beer would be emitted from the AC system. Dealer has been great for fixing warranty problems. They also provided a rental. The in dash cup holder is junk; I have replaced it through warranty 3 times. I had to replace headlight bulbs and tail light which should be excepted because they burn continuously.
DO NOT BUY THIS CAR! We have had nothing but problems - the car is in the shop more than it is on the road. We have only had the car 11 months, it has been in the shop 7 times already, weeks at a time. The air conditioning system had to be completely replaced (after 2 visits to the shop), the car still doesn't start correctly - there is a long cranking period before it will start (it's already been in the shop 3 times for this - and they tell me there is nothing wrong with the car). The rear brake pads had to be replaced at 16,000 miles - and they tell me this is normal. Don't even bother contacting customer service - they will never respond to you, no matter how many times you call - they don't want to hear about it. We are selling the car and going with a Honda Accord. Will never EVER recommend Volvo -- it is an expensive Ford...or should I say Mitsubishi (Turbo is manufacutured by Mitsubishi). PIECE OF CRAP!
I was in 6 car accidents prior to buying a Volvo (one of which resulted in an injury that I’ll probably have the rest of my life). So, it was the safety aspect of this car that attracted me to it. I challenge anyone to find a car within the same price range (or any range for that matter) with as many standard safety features as this one--especially the WHIPS and the inflatable curtains.    Within about one month of owning my new Volvo, I was about to enter an intersection at about 35 mph when a car failed to yield and blocked my path through the intersection. Fully expecting to crash right into the side of the other vehicle, I forcefully applied the brakes. It is truly a miracle that at the speed I was going, my Volvo stopped in what seemed like a split second, about 3 inches before I probably (in any other car) would have ended up in the hospital. And it did it without a sound or any loss of control (likely because of the combined ABS and EBD). The face of the guy in the other car had turned completely pale, as he stared out his window at me, obviously just as surprised as I was. Every penny I paid for this car paid off at that moment.    Yes, my car has a few problems with some rattling and a few other minor glitches, but I really think that no matter how much one spends on a car, things will rattle (after all, a car is just a bunch of metal and plastic), so I wouldn't lose sleep over stuff like that. My parents had far more serious problems with their Audi A4.    Plus, I don't know what bizarre Volvo dealers some of the other reviewers have been going to for car servicing, but mine (Volvo of Santa Monica) has always been courteous and lived up to their promises. I had a small warranty problem recently, and they gave me a free rental of a 2002 S40 (loaded) for a few days while mine was fixed. I haven't had such good service with my previous cars (Acura and Honda).
Nice car and great gas millage. looks good. I'm getting almost 30 miles per gallon combined.
As the 2001 model of the S40 is such a different car from the previous year model, I would encourage all owners or those who have test driven the new 2001 model of the S40 to review it, so that we could have a just and fair judgement of the new S40. 
Our experience is that a car should not have any problems within 123 days.  Their care, customer service are reprehensible and you should avoid this product at all costs.It is quite possible that lives could be lost due to serious electrical problems with the car. I know that last friday as i went running away from the car we thought the car was about to blow up. PLEASE BEWARE.
I just got my 2001 S40 today and love it.  I drove off the lot knowing that we made the right decision. I have been looking at cars to lease for many, many months. I really like all the cars named above, but thought that the Volvo was going to suit me best.  The fact that they are reliable and safe meant a lot to me. I also like the fact that it is sporty car, but not too much.  We are about to adopt a child and really were thinking about that during our search. The real test is to see how the car does after time, in the interim...........I love it!
Volvo's TDS program is awesome. I paid about 77% of what I would have paid for this car if I had bought it at a dealer. The TDS program allows you to buy your car directly from the factory tax-free! On top of that, Volvo takes care good care of you when you get to the factory. This cost savings really made the difference. A car which was only slightly less expensive or the same price as competing models, suddenly became much less expensive. The $22500 I paid is less than the North American list price, but the car is loaded. At the dealer, I would have paid over $29000.I drove this car from Kiel, Germany to Munich, Germany on the first day (about 600 miles). It was great!!! I have to admit, I have a Euro spec edition (2.0l Turbo, manual transmission), so it may have been much more fun than with the automatic. At any rate, the car really accelerates well while passing or merging into traffic. The stereo is really great, brilliant bass response. It really drowns out the engine, even at high speeds (200+ km/hour). It's not a race car, but really gets the job done. Frankly, if you are looking for a hot rod, you probably should be looking at a true sports car. But if you're looking for a sedan with good get up and go, this is a great alternative. The rear legroom is really cramped, especially if the front seat passengers are tall. But the situation is the same in the A4. The only thing which really irritates me is the blind spot if I look over my left shoulder. I don't like to make lane changes in heavy traffic with only the mirrors. But if I look over my left shoulder all I can usually see is the head rest, which is really high. I'm having to learn to depend more on the mirror.
Value: with 5-speed auto, ABS, front side airbags, front & back        side curtains, whipsplash protection seats, security alarm, heated        side mirrors/front seats, headlights wipers, air, remote entry, etc        as standard features packed in this price tag (CAD31000), it is REAL        bargain to step into this European luxury car.Safety: not many luxury cars at this price have side curtains yet         (especially for rear passengers), not to mention whipsplash         protection.Power: the 1.9T 160hp is just adequate for this compact sedan, but the        170lb torque at 1800rpm is a real treat on highway. Of course it is       still not a 323i, ha.Complaint: coming from Sweden, I really don't know why the rear window           defroster is so slow or not powerful enough to melt the ice. I           would say it is 2 times slower than that of my 98 Cavalier !!!           I REALLY hate this part !!! Another thing is that stupid            delicate-looking cupholder. 1st of all there is only one in the           front, when not in use it is nicely hidden under the climate           control panel. You need to push it once to get it out. You can           say the cupholder is designed by IKEA coz you can tell it must           be desgined by some mechanical designers's. But it is just too             delicate to that slide your can of Coke or 600ml bottle of Coke            when the green light suddenly go on. I just need a HOLE to put            down my Coke. If you take a look at the 2001 Celica cupholder            then you will know what I mean. A cupholder shoule be simple,            whereas a rear window defroster should be more efficient.Thought my S40 is only 4 months old, but it has accumulated 13000km already . So far only one oil change at 12000km, nothing broken or funny. You will appreciate this car more when you realize those Accord or Camry can cost more with the same number of features !!
This car is exceptional. !!!!  Living in germany I have test driven all of the european cars, BMW, Merc, Audi, and of Course Volvo S80, S60, S40.  The S40 has so many percs above the BMW.  Not to say anything about the extra $10,000 you pay for the name BMW.  The ride is smooth and breaking is exceptional. Leather and heated seats add so much to the ride..... This car is stricty for comfort. Going from a V6 Dodge Avenger (LEMON, american cars seem to really bite lately) I have noticed major power lose, but I can except it. And lets not forget that no car on the market can compare to the safety of Volvo.    Okay you could purchase a Honda for the same price but why would you even consider it....
I highly recommend this vehicle to anyone considering the BMW 3-series, Audi A4 or Mercedes C-class.  Though the Volvo might not have quite the 'image' as BMW or Mercedes, it is still an upscale, distinctive and certainly enjoyable vehicle to drive.  It is also affordable, safe and reliable.
Volvo got something right when they introduced the S40 in the U.S. last year, and “Americanized” the car in a slight redesign for 2001 without sacrificing any of its European flair.   As a luxury sports sedan with an eye for economy, the S40 will carve itself a niche as more drivers see more of them on the road and know the car exists.  A fully equipped Audi A4 with a 4-cylinder engine and Quattro all-wheel drive stickers for about $1500-2000 more…the difference in price basically being “the Quattro,” otherwise the cars are equipped almost identically at the same price point.  Forget the Passat if you don't need the extra girth, it doesn't feel anywhere near as substantial or finished as the S40.  This car screams for a standard shift, as well as all-wheel drive and a clutchless manual (technology Volvo already has in its arsenal but has not unleashed).  One day...
Recenlty just purchased the 01 V40.  My  wife and I compared for a while with the A4 and BWM 3 series wagons.  We decided on the Volvo for the overall value.  To us that meant; Design styling (ext/int), Drive train, Enginge performance, + warranties.  I think you get more recent styling than you do from the other two.  The other two I thought were old + everyone has it, at least here in SF.  Exterior details are nice (wheels, trim, rear-wing) which makes it look very hip and chic!  It's sexy in silver.Interior detailing could be a bit more, well...detailed.  Sort of remindes of a Japanese car interior.  The leather is real nice, however.  The interior dimensions are a bit tight for 4 adults and I will probabley move up to the V70 once my two kids (pre-school & kindergarten) reach adult proportions in phyiscal size.  However, I think it fits our small family nicely.The V40's front-wheel drive seems pretty solid and no problem for hill climbing. ABS is nice and reliable. The rear of the car follows good. The engine performance so far seem quite impressive. Surprisingly, it wasn't as gut-less at the BMW. I find the torqur is there when you need it. However, the 1.9 turbo seems to be quite thirsty for the moment.I've been averaging ~25 mpg both 'city' and 'hi-way'.So, after a month and a half we're very happy with the V40.  I recommend it for the small family (4 max) living in the city.  I give a high value.  You definitely get more bang for your buck.  
I think this car is a very good value (except for the Cd player missing).  I like the uncharacteristic look (for a volvo). It handles and performs well.  I got it with the optional sunroof package which includes a leather, wood-trimmed interior which is attractive and comfortable.  The seats are great.  I have taken it on a few weekend trips to the mountains and it performed very well on uphill curving roads.  My wish list would be for enhanced sound insulation, a standard CD player (i am putting in a changer)and perhaps a little more back seat leg room.  It is more fun to drive and handles a LOT better than the toyota, is cheaper than the A4 and has a better warranty than the Passat (4 vs 2 years).
This car was a demo model with 240 miles on it and I bought it with options listed above for $24,800. I love it. I want to drive it as often as I can. If you have a small family or are someone that has things to carry, this car has nice cargo space and its lots of fun to drive.
I got mine a week ago- has the sunroof package w/leather, weather package, and touring package. It has everthing except the CD changer and rear spoiler (I'm ordering both soon).  Sticker was 28.9K I think- I paid 26.5K and got incentive financing from Volvo- If someone told me I could get one cheaper, I wouldn't care because this car is worth more to me than I paid. The main concern is getting the handling sorted out without giving up comfort, and I'm very interested in finding out why the Euro 1.9T has 40 more HP. 
Mine is almost fully loaded (no fog lights or CD Changer) and I believe the sticker was $28K, although I got it for less and on a 39 month lease.  I would recommend it highly, despite the concerns I mentioned.  None of them affects the drivability, and I hope they develop a fix for the radio soon (until then, I'll listen to CDs).This car is perfect for those who truly recognize value, safety and quality and who enjoy a distinctive vehicle that stands out unpretentiously.  It would best fit those who rarely have more than two large adults in the car, but the back seat accomodates others much better than it looks.  I have rear booster seats and they seem like they would be great for small children (untried).
This is a follow up to my original review. We have now had our V-40 for over a year and 23,000 miles. To date we are averaging just over 30 mpg. We have had no problems and are very happy with this car. The only thing that we have had to replace are the tires. We are not purchasing another set of Michellin MXV4. We are replacing them with Toyo Proxes FZ4 size 205/55-15. They are still V rated but have better siping and should offer a more quiet ride.    My wife feels more stable in this car than she did in her previous car, a 2000 Land Rover Discovery Seris II.
I don't know what happened to a third of the cars delivered to the people writing reviews here, but thank god it didn't happen to me.    In the past 25k miles, my 'check engine' light has come on ONCE. I went to the dealer, after reseting he asked me if I left the car running while I got gas. When I told him I did, he told me to stop. The light has never come on since.    Oddly, I do recall a rattle in my driver-side door when the music was up loud enough, but I haven't heard it in months. Hmm. Was probably something I put in the door pocket.    Let's see, what else? Oh, yeah, I'm still on my original set of brake pads, and ask any passenger - I drive this thing hard.    As for smoothness, I felt comfortable enough at 135mph to see how loud it'd be inside if I opened and closed the sunroof. Uhm, really loud. Once sealed though, no bumps, no rattles, just pavement whizzing past.    I work as a valet, and I must say that for this class - and most any other for that matter - I can't find an interior I enjoy being surrounded by more.
This car is superb. It comes with great packages. I've never had problems with it. Everything inside works well, and if it doesn't the dealership fixes it no questions asked. It truly is a world class car.
The car drives great and is very quick. The turbo is much quicker compared to my friends Audi A4. The seats are very comfortable also. The sports package added some cool features like rims, spoiler, small ground effects and leather trim seats. I can't really say one thing bad about it. The only thing is that the Audi A4 does come with a few more little features which are mostly pointless too me. Great rep. and safety (8 airbags plus anti-whiplash seats) make it the better buy.
For comparisons, our car has the cold weather package, the premium package, factory sport rails, factory bed liner and metallic paint. The list for this car was a little over $32,000    We traded our Land Rover in on our V-40. While I do miss the room and the 4x4 the comfort, ride and perfomance of our V-40 make up for those loses. We just drove 4,000 miles for the holidays and were very impressed with this car. On the way out we averaged 26.3 mpg and 72 mph with a full load of luggage (for 2 weeks away from home) ,a bike on the roof and a boarder collie with kennel. While we could have used a bigger car the V-40 was a joy to drive. We test drove Audi A-4's and Subaru Outbacks and decided on the V-40.
This is a fairly sporty, fun-to-drive, comfortable car, if you can look past the problems that you should not have on a $27000 car. Premature break wear, Check Engine Light on Constantly, and the easiest to scratch paint job I have ever seen in my life. I have also gotten very poor service from the local dealer (Lee Volvo - not the dealer I purchased from).
This is a great car for the money, especially if you don't load it up with all the extras.  I test drove the A4 and was impressed with the quattro, but its pretty slow.  The Volvo S40 0-60mph is faster than most other 4 cyl cars in its class, and even some 6 cyl.  There is hardly any turbo lag, and there is plenty of power at the low RPM's (most torque is avail. at 1800).The build quality on this car is up to par with BMW's and Audi's and it handles very well.  Of course, it has all the saftey features you would expect in a Volvo.If you're thinking about buying a new car priced in the low $20,000...check out this car.  I love mine so far: I'm soon getting a chip to increase its power by about 40hp, only for $600.  If you are thinking about the Audi A4, BMW 323 or the VW passat, add the Volvo to your list.  Although not as fast as a BMW, it costs less and can be easily upgraded for quicker acceleration.This is the best car I have ever owned, and I expect to hold onto it for many, many years.  Volvos are built to last, just ask anyone who has owned one.
So far, very happy with it. My complaints are minor and it has a very solid feel. Gas mileage is pretty good, it uses regular unleaded. I read that Passat needs premium. These days, especially in California, that can make a big difference. I also found the shopping experience to be very good with the dealer.
The S40 is not really a Volvo. The chasis is based on the Mitsubishi Carisma and it feels like a Mitsubishi. This car is un-inspiring in the way it feels and drives. The first thing u notice when one enters the car is the fact that the door doesn't have the same heft the other Volvos have. It feels like a econo-Japanese car. Overall, the S40 doesn't exude the same vault-like feeling of it's bigger brothers. Interior space is a bit cramp esp compared to the Passat. Engine power is pretty good but it lacks the refinement of cars in it's class. The S40 is not a bad car but compared to what one can get for the same amount of money, well it falls shy. I'd rather buy an A4 for same money. The Audi is leagues ahead in every respect.
Buy a Honda instead!  This car is not REALLY A Volvo.  The quality is just not there.  A co-worker and I drove my car while entertaining a customer.  My co-worker summarized by observations that I was reluctant to articulate. He said, 'This car isn't solid'.  It really isn't. 
I've had this car since Sept 1999.  First person in San Diego with it.33k miles and it works well.
I got the vehicle since october 99 and so far the only thing I did was take it to the dealer to get a software upgrade for the DSA, since the light on the dash came on a few times.So basically I'm very happy with the car.I have the wagon which gives you more cargo capacity, pretty fair considering the exterior dimensions of the car.It does run with 87 gas, as the owner manual states ,and my own experience proves, without noticing any performance drop, at least during normal drive. If you are of the lead foot type maybe premium is a better choice.
I would recommend the Volvo S40 for someone wanting a smallish, nimble, sensible yet somewhat sporting European sedan.  I've owned mine for eight months and have 11,300 miles on it.  I've averaged 24 miles per gallon in mixed driving. With the exception of certain dashboard icon lights (including 'check engine')coming on for no apparent reason (and usually going off again after some time), I've experienced no problems.  The car has comfortable seats and generally appears to be well-made.  The S40 isn't inexpensive, but I do think it offers an overall quality that makes it worth the money.  The sales assistance and service contacts at my dealer have been pleasurable.
For most parts, the Volvo S40 is a great car to drive (below 110Km/h). Above that, just have the great HiFi on loud, to drown out the road/tyre noice and engine (screams)Would love to know what I can do to reduce NOICE and increase ride comfort.
I would be a satisfied owner if it weren't for the fact that it's been serviced (and not just regular maintainence) more times in the past 10 months than my Saturn (or any other car I've owned) has in six years is a little disheartening. I've really gotten to the point where I despise owning this car! I've replaced the struts at 6k miles, headlights at 10k (which I'm told is normal), brakes at 12k (which I'm told is also normal), wheel emblems every 6k, and dash lights nearly every fill-up - what will go wrong next? Sure, it's under warranty (except the brakes), for now. But I can assure you that I will be unloading this car long before the warranty is up. Am I the only one experiencing this level of frustration? Please give me some feedback.
After driving my S40 for approximately 6 months, I still appreciated the handling and acceleration.  That is, when I could drive it.  I purchased a 2000 S40 with 100 from Volvo On Camelback (PHX, AZ.)  When I purchased the vehicle, the trunk latch was broken, they said it was no problem and took it for a day to fix it.  Over the next 6 months this vehicle was in Service 18 times.  The Trunk latch was repaired 7 times, the body integrity (rattles) developed and were fixed 3 times, the windshield wipers kept blowing fuses, and the electrical system fried about 7 times, resulting in replacement of the trip computer.  The problem was not just because of the inept mechanics at Volvo on Camelback, I started taking the vehical to Powell Volvo after Volvo on Camelback illegally charged me for warranty work (on the electrical system.) Volvo's After Sale support told me 'if you would like to have us consider taking the car back, file your lawsuit with us.'  The poor customer service that I received from Volvo on Camelback and the Aftersale support's lack of responsiveness and courtesy has caused me to lose all respect for the company.  After paying $28000 for a car that was in the shop every other week, I decided to pursue a lemon law case against Volvo.  My attorney reviewed the case, and I couldn't afford to fight Volvo in court under the lemon laws (the amount of time involved is incredible.)  So I sold the car to an Unsuspecting Volvo dealer.  After this experience I will never again consider Volvo a well-made car and will never understand their blatant lack of Customer Service.
I think is not fair for people to complain small interior of this vehicle, after all you did buy a compact,  I find it more than adequate , considering is the smallest Volvo model. I think this vehicle has good fundamental design. To be objective and fair,  the main problem I is think is the assembly line in the Netherlands.  When I first purchased this vehicle, I also had many problems, but it was all QC problems, such as battery cables not secured tightly enough on the battery, causing the car not to start.  Lack of lucubration in the gear box.  Engine mounting loosed, causing sound Etc..But after I got all of these tighten and QC the way they should have after the first 3 month, the car drove like a dream for a year afterward with absolutely no problem.  
I was extremely leary about buying the car because of the lackluster reviews that I read. Now that I've owned the car for almost two years, I think most of the reviewers were expecting too much because of the Volvo name. My wife and I are very happy with the car. The performance is suitable, it's comfortable, roomy, and relatively quiet. I personally don't care for the drivers seat but my wife does. The controls are ergonomic, easy to see and use. We have had a couple of little electronic glitches but nothing to lose any sleep over and no mechanical problems. The car seems sturdy, roomy under the hood, and well made. I have the V40 wagon and would recommend it for most people. The gas mileage isn't as good as I would have expected, but then again a 1.9 with a turbo and its performance has to sacrifice a little.
I appreciate the outside looks and the safety reputation and classiness associated with Volvo. However, I have major issues with this 2 year old car. I should have followed the negative reviews and never bought the car in its 1st year out. I wanted a head ache free car. When I start the car, many times there is a grinding and delay to starting. Various worries and troubles associated, and I don't want to have to deal with it. I take good care and maintence of my car- but I worry even with that...Will this car last me a long time?
Well....I would go over the 4000 character limit if I were to tell you all the things 'WRONG' with my car. The first year I had it I loved it. The minute I brought it into service I have had nothing but problems and the biggest one is that the car does not start at least once a day, with no rhyme or reason as to when it will happen. It has been into service since October till today (in there now) 7 times for this problem and they can't figure out why, so now they 'bully' me into getting a tune up from them or 'else they can't go any further'. They try to tell me that the reason this is happening now is because of a dirty air filter...Yeah ok...anyway, just on here trying to find someone that could help. Customer service is of no help and they really don't care.
This car's unreliability only has to be exceeded by the incompitence of the dealership which is unable to fix this car without my assistance in most cases. I have had antenna failure, chronic headlight failure, dirver's side seat base that rips and wears continually through the leather. And to top it all off one rear brake that wore out at 19,000 mile and was told' normal wear and tear' Give me a break first of all if the the brakes were soft they should all wear at the same rate not just one. The failure of the dealer and Vovlo not to stand by this car insures that I will be looking elsewhere at lease end. Stay away public buy a BMW or Lincoln or Ford. Don't buy a Vovlo Fords are safe too.
Purchased a pre-owned Volvo S40 1.9T.   I loved the turbo option that came with the car, which gave it alot of speed. Although it is pretty fast with or without the sport acceleration on. It came with comfortable leather seats & a handy pop-out drink tray. Plus the CD player which I used all the time had great stereo system to come with it.   In the end I personalized it a little by adding a special Volvo grill cover & an appealing sport rims package.
Good car, but it is like you pay BMW price for a Camry. So If you are intelligent you would buy a used S40 which is way cheaper.
I've owned the S40 since it debuted in the US in 1999. I too have experienced several of the problems explained by other users. HOWEVER, most of my issues were fixed the first time. The car is comfortable, but not too roomy, handling could be better, breaks are excellent, and the car is loaded with safety equipment.
I have a love hate relationship with my Volvo S40. Love the way it handles and the power it has. Hate the cost of upkeep. Every time I took the car in for maintenance it's needed engine mounts (twice), brakes, or some other expensive replacement. It's never just the standard scheduled maintenance. Then in August 2006 my car suddenly, unexpectedly developed a loss in power and a jerking on acceleration. The certified Volvo mechanic told me it was a ring (after a $750 engine tear down). He didn't want to replace the rings because no one was trained in complete tear down and rebuild so he recommended engine replacement for a mere $8,000 (almost as much as the car is worth). It took a half hour of argument to get them to even consider ring replacement. A week later they told me their machine shop would not do the machining because they had never done it and didn't want the responsibility. Foreign car repair shops were surprised a Volvo engine failed, were willing to try and replace the rings but couldn't get to it for several months. Some said Volvo made it too hard to get replacement parts and therefore no longer worked on them. The Volvo service center finally told us the ring replacement would cost almost as much as engine replacement. Volvo North America a first considered paying half the cost but then decided the car was 'too far out of warranty'. Be aware. Major engine work means engine replacement.  
Complete Nightmare!!!  We bought this car because we thought Volvo was a reputable maker. Two days after we bought the car, it stalled in the middle of traffic. Got the car 'fixed'. According to the dealer, the car had been sitting on the lot for a bit, and the battery had gone bad. We bought the story unfortunately. We should have taken this as a hint from the start. We have now had the car a little over a year, and it has continued to stall in the middle of traffic 4 more times and it had to be towed each time. Same symptoms each time, but they always fix something different and call it 'fixed', but it never is. We are pursuing our right on the lemon law in San Diego.  The dealer is either incompetent, or the car is just a complete POS. We have gotten nothing but attitude from the dealer until we brought the term 'attorney' into the picture. Now, since the car is in the shop AGAIN(for the 5th time), they gave us a brand new 2005 S-40 as a loaner, and it really sucks! DO NOT BUY AN S-40 from San Diego Volvo!!! So this is actually a review of the 2000 model and the 2005 model. What really sucks is that we really liked the car aside aside from it having to be towed.
Volvo V40 is a real piece of junk, it's not a Volvo, the electrical system is a disastor, workmanship extremely poor. Styling great but a real nightmare to drive becuase of electrical and safety issues.  A wheel nearly fell off for unexplained reasons and the brakes were leaking fluid.Total electrical failure twice while driving it!
I truly believe there is a problem with the 2000 v40/s40.  I have had 4 check engine lights come on for know reason.  I have had 3 software downloads from Sweden to fix the problem, and last week a new spring-loaded fuel valve installed to fix the 4th check engine light.  Volvo admits that the electrical fuel valve is causing problems with the '40's.  On top of that, I have had a broken driver window, sunroof, and somehow my suspension bolts came loose on the right front end of the car.  The car has been fixed 8x in 18 months.  I am giving it one more chance, then I get a toyota.   
This is the first Volvo I have ever owned.  Wow! What a disappointment.  'Volvo for Life' is the motto.  It should be 'Service it for Life'.  We were very excited about our first Volvo.  It looked good, it felt sturdy, and it was peppy. Well, first impressions can be deceiving.  It's been in the shop at least 5 times for dash lights that kept coming on for no apparent reason.  Perhaps the serious problem was the intermittent braking failure (We were told that it was a broken valve).  When coming to a stop the brake pedal would intermittently go right to the floor and the car would slowly coast to a stop.  Luckily no one was hurt.  I should have bought a VW Passat.
I scanned through the rest of the reviews and I guess the car has a somewhat spotty past.  I researched the car for more than a year before I bought it and settled on it due to the good reviews it received in Europe (see the Volvo Spy website).  It's not really a new introduction and has 5 years of road testing to take the kinks out.  Nevertheless somehow the American model either has a bad rap or those writing the reviews are the dissatisfied customers with happy ones out cornering and powering through slick roads instead of whining on the net.   The intent of this car is to introduce the younger generation to a car that has gained a reputation for solidity that has favour with the older crowd.  Does it do this, yes I think it does. a 160 hp LP Turbo with the some amazing road holding.  Though I don't advocate everyone does this I've screamed onto the turnpikes at 70 mph powering through ramps that warn American 'dyna-gliders' not to go above 30.  I live in the country with typical winding open country roads and have found it to be quite a thrill curbed only by the occasional deer that causes me to check the BVD's. The boys in blue tend to leave me alone because.... 'it's a Volvo' No way could that dothering car have blown past them at 80 mph..their radars must have been out of cal.. The girls like it, they think it's an expensive set of wheels with a foreign powerplant that'll not be challenged because it doesn't have to be.... Funny.... I paid less for this luxury than for the Firebird T-top I previously owned and have a lot more fun... especially in the snow.  You can tell I'm one of that targeted generation and as I move upwards in my profession will probably go for a 60 or maybe C series.  Someday.....
Just horrible.  There are no other words to describe this tin can.  The brakes go out. I actually wrecked the car on a curb b/c the brakes went out. Dealership took 2 weeks to fix and all they did was put the broken pieces back on the car.  I was also told I needed to replace the rear brakes at a cost of $200!  The car had 16,000 miles on it!  Air conditioning does not cool.  Bird droppings erode the paint.  Wheel caps fall off all the time.  Check engine light comes on.  Trim is peeling off.  Cupholders are poorly positioned.  Interior layout is a bit 'cheap' looking. 
Please don't waste your money.  If you already own one memorize the number to Volvo USA and pull out your checkbook, you're in for a really bumpy ride.  Oh, and did I mention how rude and unhelpful EVERY Volvo dealership is.
I Lemon Lawed a 1995 Ford, I should have known better than to buy another Ford associated product. This car is garbage and after a few more trips to the dealer I will Lemon Law this car too. By the way, I found out from a mechanic friend (after buying this car) that the S40 has a Mitsubishi engine. Mitsubushi supplies the 1.9 Turbo engine to Volvo. I expect to get rid of this car before the engine goes though.
Looks good, lousy maintenance record; We've replaced headlights, Check engine light comes on when it wants to (recall fix, however, during recall fix brakes needed replacement @ 20,000 miles so $200 later we left with recall fix). A/C inadequate, various squeaks and rattles
I have never owned a Volvo before this one.  I have had this car for 1 1/2 years and it has been one problem after another.  The 'check engine' light comes on for no apparent reason--sometimes it will go off by itself; sometimes it requires a trip to the dealership to reset.  I have had to take it to the dealership twice to replace the little 'Volvo hubcaps' that flew off while driving.  Within about 4 months after purchase of the car, it stalled out on two different occasions in the middle of busy intersections (a terribly dangerous situation).  It turns out that it was a faulty fuel pump.  The dealership replaced this with no charge, as it was under warranty.  Recently, at about 25,000 miles, the car was making a loud humming noise after it was totally shut off.  How weird!!!  Took it to the dealership and they replaced the vacuum pump (brake-related).  At the same time, the dealership discovered another strange noise (this time while the car was running), for which they had to order a part before they could repair the problem.  I was told it was the 'power cylinder' (also brake-related). When the part came in I took the car back to the dealership to be fixed.  While there, they discovered that replacing the power cylinder did not completely rid the car of the noise; It was also in need of a new 'brake booster?'  Of course, they did not have this part in stock, but rather than have me COME BACK AGAIN later, they just took the part off of one of their new S40's.  All I can say is fortunately all of this was still under warranty!  Needless to say, I am waiting for the next thing to go wrong.  The dealership has been sympathetic and courteous.  However, I will never buy another Volvo.
I LOVE THIS CAR! IT's FAAAAAAAAAAABULOUS! Beautiful, fun to drive, hot to look at (mine is BRIGHT red)...and with VOLVO safety!! Nothing better for the price!
This car has been trouble from day one when the check engine light came on driving it out the showroom.The air conditioning quit 2 months later and still does not work properly.The paint is already faded on hood and trunk.Our volvo dealer called in a representative from volvo north america and he told us it enviromental and they were not responsible.My 1997 toyota is my driveway beside the s40 and it's paint looks new.The dealership and volvo did not give us customer satisfaction.This is my third volvo and it will be my last.
I have read ALL the S40 product reviews, and can agree with some in that, YES, I have had the check engine lights for the EMC system for a software update, and a converter exchange, and a turbo pressure sensor replacement--only!  And, YES, the H4 light bulbs do burn out(three times for me), and I have had to have Volvo service re-tighten both my front and rear suspension, BUT, when one has a Volvo product that is tested and capable of stopping in 120 feet in 0-60 mph, and which has been 'FIELD TESTED BY THE OWNER', and which has saved my life in TWO separate occasions due to the immaculate functioning of the EBD system, along with the rear brakes that 'wear-out' in 25000 miles or less, THEN, one really says, 'this is a great product, as I am still living'.  One has to purchase a Porsche 911 for $ 75,000+, or a Mercedes Benz S500 for $88,000+, or a Lotus Esprit for $85,000+ to obtain the FANTASTIC braking power of their $23,000 basic S40 Volv0.--NOW, IS THIS A BARGAIN!!!!!!!    Their are always glitches in any system, and all people are not perfect, and that is what builds the S40--people!  One(Volvo) can attempt to control their quality control, but if a person building your vehicle doesn't want to do their job the way they are being PAID TO DO IT, you and I suffer with the consequences!  This is quite apparent in the variety of the reviews that your and I read, as the extemes of good and bad reviews are there; there are not the 'consistent' bad reviews by year and model--S and V 40s'.    The dealers do play an importnat part in the satisfaction that you and I derive from the product as owners, and this is the job of Volvo to correct, if they want to continue to build and sell their product!
Wonderful seats makes up for a joyride everytime. I keep comparing this car to my moms Audi A4 2001 and it comes out victorious every time. Her Audi is a complete disaster. My s40 is a good looking car. Silver metallic with 16' BBS rims on goodyear tyres. Also came with a sports chassis for better handling because its lowered. Fully automatic aircondition and loads of other stuff.
I finally got out of my contract with this car, and boy was that great! My new V70 is a dream. I can not imaginge that these two cars actually carry the same brand. 
I should have read some of the reviews before I purchased this Car it seems many problems are still the same on the late model s/v40,s My one (v40) had less than 30000 miles on it and was spotless. I would advise against buying one unless you sell it prior to the warranty runs out, or from my experience your on your own!     Brakes, constantly being repaired, woodgrain dash cracks or peels away in places, air cond feeble, buttons and plastics poor quality, I have seen many of similar vintage with badly deteriorating exterior plastics and wheels, you have to keep up a constant vigil of these for them to remain somewhat presentable.My 1994 Jeep is our family hack and still looks good in the plastics dept. Customers these days don't just buy Volvo's for their safety record, there's plenty of other cars out there with the same safety specs at the same price. Volvo buyers generally want some logevity and quality to their purchase and this is one model that will be a thorn in Volvo's side for years to come.   It seems the new owners are happy, it will be interesting to hear their stories in four to five years.  I won't be going out and buying another Volvo. As for who I would recommend to buy one? My enemies!!
That's a great car. By now it have more than 100kmiles and everything work fine.
I had this car brought in from Malaysia after I was posted back here. Thought I'll bring the car back as a souviner and a daily transport.Now I am regretting it. No parts, I can't sell it or even give it away.It's almost 10 years old and I think it's still being sold in Malaysia as the Proton Iswara (where do they get those names?).It drives ok, as long as you're going straight but when you hit the corners...never mind...it has been to the body shop so many times, it is now being held together by duct tape.BUT IT'S STILL THE BEST CAR IN THE WORLD FOR ME AS NO-ONE ELSE HAS ONE! YEAH! AND IT KEEPS ON GOING AND GOING.I going to order myself a Proton Wira 1.8 XLi 5-door saloon.
A sturdy, strong car, yet it had many little problems that were always very expensive to fix.
I struggled with this one for a long time.Purchasing the Volvo meant abandoning the Japanese market, having owned three Honda's previous to this and always admiring the Mazda styling.After a lengthy comparisson, and countless test drives, it came down to the Volvo S40 and the Mazda 626. (Honda has priced themselves out of my market when you consider how much they have thrifted their interior/exterior over the past year or so). The Mazda brand seems to be in a state of flux. The management themselves seem unsure and lack the confidence and certainty necessary to market and sell their cars. The 626 meant more of the same of what I was used to whereas the Volvo seems to suggest a step up and away from the masses. It is a unique brand with a unique image.The S40 looks awesome. In silver it looks like a BMW. The interior when upgraded to graphite leather is great value. The car looks like a 40k plus vehicle. The turbo and the 170hp are absolutely terrific. The car drives tight and corners well. The drivers seat is among the best I have ever tested comparable to the Lincoln LS in terms of comfort, support and quality.At only $14.00/month more than the 626, it feels like a steal.I am guessing that the cup holder and radio controls will be re-designed in the next model year. They will also find a way of stealing some more leg room in the back at the expense of the over-sized trunk (it could be smaller and you would not miss it). When these minor non-performance related flaws are corrected, the S40 will be a complete and exceptional package.After a self imposed ban of 5 years due to excessive line-ups and an aversion to allen keys, I may have to return to IKEA, and park it among its kin.
Bought my 2005 S-60 2.4 Non Turbo in May of 07 with 27K on it. It was on a Chevy lot, and they were basically giving it away, so I decided to take a chance. 40,000 hard miles later- I'm thrilled I did. I used to drive trucks exclusively because I am so hard on cars. This car has been repeatedly put to the test. I have the front wheel drive version and had no problems in almost a foot of snow. It's not a rocket, but my other car is a Porsche, so that's OK. I've gotten 38 MPG on road trips going between 70-80 the whole way. Excellent value for the money. Brakes and tires are the only thing I have had to replace. Original tires lasted to 55k- I never rotated them and they never went out of balance. Just traded in my wife's 05 Acura for a fully loaded 09 S-60. I have had almost 2 dozen cars, and there is simply not a car out there as durable, overbuilt, safe, and high quality as the Volvo. It's not the ultimate driving machine, but it is comfortable and responsive- and peppy with the turbo. The back seat is small, but I never sit in the back of my own cars. I can't wait to be in the high mileage club. I don't know how anyone could have problems with this car- I have yet to see anyone who drives harder than I do on a regular basis.
It was a bad decision to buy this car, poor quality, poor local agent service, more over i'm facing a problem with the breaking system since day one.  more than a year now and the problem never solved, and volvo don't want to return my money, and can not find a solution for the problem. 
Nice Looking car with many problems right from the begining.  It's a beutiful car, inside and out, fast very fast athough clutch is not very good, wearing too fast. Gera box also not very smooth, sticks.    Amplifier problems. Fuel senser didn't work from the start. bad noise when turning not sure what it is, I will be taking the car for service soon, I think it's power steering or something with the suspension.
They call this a Volvo??? My new fully loaded 2004 S60R bought overseas mid 2003 with point of acceptance delivery in the US was a stylish road rocket if it ever got out of the dealer’s service bay. It is not built for Boston or New England roads or weather. The 300hp 5 cylinder did exactly as promised and with little problems as long as it was drinking premium gas and going in a straight line but the mpg was always like a regularly aspirated V8. Too many intuitive programmed items installed with no manual over rides and this for a car that is billed as a sports car. The DVD navigation system worked like a charm BUT, being locked into AT&T for the integrated phone was such a bloody hassle that I terminated it after one half hour of service and trying to recode it proved maddening. Dead on arrival was the front right light that took over a month to get replaced. Both cute little light wipers that turned themselves on when they felt like it apparently were installed incorrectly which resulted in deep gouging of both light shrouds (another replaced part needing to be ordered) and subsequently having them disconnected permanently after they did it again. The alignment of the trunk lid was incredibly sloppy with excessive gaps and tolerance errors yup, it leaked when opened also. It is a crumble zone nightmare as a less than 1 mph nudge into a low parking stop caused numerous damages to internal plastic and metal. The 17in tire rims very problematic with potholes and quality of their laminate, enough said. Turning diameter is understated as being excessive with grinding of wheels inside well very annoying. Right side mirror could not maintain tension at speed and flubbed about or folded in. Poor quality metal-like interior trim dented easily. Fog lights continually flooded and misted (no dealer resolution). I ordered no daytime running lights so naturally it came with them and no way to disconnect without unknown damage to some other system. No nighttime privacy as lights always on. Volvo gave overseas mediator name, number, and e-mail POC info for me to deal with… this proved a no-go and futile gesture. Sold it, not stored it, at less than 15K miles and went gleefully back to Iraq safe in knowing that I never will buy another Volvo again.
it only had 18000 miles when stupid things would go bad head lamps, rear bulbs, shaking in the steering wheel and come on it scratches so freaking easy to do on the interior. A mechanic from volvo told me one that volvo designs every part is design to come apart for replacement. I guess they make a fortune on this.
Im 18 years of age and my father asked me what kind of car I wanted. At the time there were 4 hot cars available. This was January of 2003. Those few cars were Infiniti G-35, Nissan Z, Lexus GS300, and the Volvo S60. Out of all the test drives and overall results I chose either the infiniti G-35 or the Volvo S60. I loved the looks of G-35 more but the heavy yet sharp feel of the Volvo won me over. Overall this is a great car with a great experience. It can look good in some colors as I have it in Titanium Grey. It can look decent in others. I have the 2.4 T Volvo S60 2003.
Car drives great for me. Problem is the Low Profile 17 in tire/rim. No good for city with potholes. Already lost 2 rims and on another occasion, a tire. Just had another problem develop. The radio light, and lighting switchs went out. Dealer says it is a software problem and not a fuse. A real pain.   No fun to drive when you have the worry of losing a rim. This car needs tires with a thicker profile. No dealer help. No Volvo help.
Traded from 2001 XC. I drive 600 miles on weekends. Seats are awesome! Power is awesome. The turbo lag allows time to wave goodbye to the Bmer beside you. Great car. Volvo has come along way recently! kudos. Although next vehicle is Cayene.
This Being our 1st Volvo I wish it was a SAAB!The interior is great and the driver position reminds me of a 124coupe(a nice european car)
After driving a Volco S80 T6 for three years and being completely frustated with its problems I chose a T5 knowing that it came from the legendary line of 850's in refined version. And refined it is: from styling to trunkspace, quality and layout - just $ for $ nothing comparable out there. Driving is a blast especially the satisfaction you get when you as an unsuspecting volvo driver blast BMW 528 AND 330 AND Mercedes 320 and just about BMW 540. Turbo lag is almost nonexistent - some of it thanks to a well distributed gear ratio and tight rearbox. Shifting is as smooth as butter. The car feels tight and solid. Suspension is stiff - but front end should lean a little less when cornering at healthy speed. I intend to keep this car for long time - unless problems do become overwhelming just like with my previous T6.
Best car I ever had, replacing a Maxima 1999, at low speed have less power but on the highway it s a blast!!!, for the money, nothing beat it, you get everything, power seats, leather, split folding seats, security lights around car, mags...BMW : nothing, pastic hub caps, no folding seats, you have to pay 10000$ more, and still you have a 6 cyl, 168hp!!!
I was looking for a safe, comfortable car for my wife and found it in the Volvo s-60. The car is pure luxury, witha strong hint of sportiness. Can it compete with a BMW in performance-- no. Unforunatley, we don't have an Autobahn to drive on so the performance level of the S60 will be fine for drivers looking for a fun, safe luxury car. It also saves you about 5 grand over a simliarly loaded BMW or Lexus.
All I have to say is beauty and class. All comparable models fall behind in looks and comfort. The exterior lines and curves are very seductive. I get double takes all the time. And the paint color(mine is black saphire) is just beautiful. Safety in this vehicle is unmatched. Performance is very surprising for what most would consider a posh luxury vehicle. Interior design and materials are very functional and pleasing to the eye. The seats are the most comfortable I've ever had. Every friend I let drive it tells me the seats are unbelievable. And the sound system is crystal clear with a great range of highs and lows with speakers everywhere. Edmunds rated it with the best audio in its class. Good amount of trunk space to for those weekend trips.
I was coming off a lease of a BMW 528i, and wanted to save some serious cash. The S60 AWD is the ticket for me. Am I going to rant and rave how the S60 blows away the BMW? No, because it doesn't- the 528i is marvelous, and the smoothness of its inline 6 is a thing of beauty. The inline 5 on the Volvo, though powerful, itsn't so smooth. So do I like this car? You bet- nice ride, comfortable seats, good trunk, and frankly, the back seat, which is smallish, isn't a priority. If you're looking for a very nice sedan (it's not a sport sedan!) that is nicer that a 3 series, and lots cheaper than a 5 series, and don't want, need, or have outgrown the ultimate handling machine, by all means, get the Volvo S60. I did.
I love this used S60 purchase. I purchased the premium package S60 for my wife. I took command of her Ford Explorer, but after driving her 2003 S60; I Traded the Explorer for my S60 2.4T. It has been love at first drive.   It has a personality, it does notlike to go slow maybe that's my personality. This car is very fast and very stable it will cruise at high velocites american cars(ie mercury sable) can only dream of 'safely' and of course as traffic permits.     It is a refined paragon of luxury, the fit and finish are the best I have experienced. At lower velocities it is a real cruiser very comfortable with impeccable manners. Took it up AIA with my family on the beach a memorable family event , the care was seamless in operation ( the way it should be) - if you don't race at the local track or have nitrous attached to your current vehicle - and have kids to protect - buty it
Beautiful car. I am getting ready to end the lease. I don't know what I need to do, buy a new one, buy this one, or get something different cause quite frankly for the money I am not that impressed.  I haven't had too many major problems. Replaced to headlights. Position light goes on and off even though I can't find any lights out. Needed a computer download since you could step down on the accelerator and nothing would happen. Tires rub the wells and Volvo makes some type of plastic device you can buy ($80) to put inside the fender well so that the tire rubs on it instead of the well?????Been through 3 sets of tires and need the forth after 58,000. Also the repair department had to replace the strut gaskets (seems poorly designed). Horrible clanking and banging nose underneath. I thought this was suppose to be a reliable car.
PROBLEMS PROBLEMS PROBLEMS!!    I cannot decide if I am more more discusted by the poor volvo service or by the poor performance and reliability of my volvo.    I leased my volvo in 2002(48 months). I drive roughly 20k miles a year but was not concerned because after the lease was over I was going to keep it as my commuter car. BIG MISTAKE!     Right after owning the car for about a year I started having strange little problems. My high beams wouldn't stay on, my cruise control wouldnt work. I would turn the car off and back on again and its fine. I really didn't think anything of it, I thought it had to do with the fact that it had been 100+ degrees for 3 days. Fall rolls around. My car randomly will not start. The first time I had it towed to Volvo, great road side assistance, got there in 10 minutes. Volvo arranges a loaner car for me, so far liking the service. The next day I return the rental car, go to pick up my car. Well the cashier tells me that they found nothing wrong with the car, it started fine, here is your bill for the rental car and maintenance on the car, +$200. Why, because the dealership cannot cover the incident under warranty unless they replace a part.     The next day my car will not start again. So I have it towed again. When it gets to Volvo it starts right up. This time I did not LET them charge me. The same day I get stuck again, but it starts up. I bring the car right back and tell them to find whats wrong with this P.O.S. I get my car back 2 days later, they say the car is fixed. 1 week later I need to have it towed again. So they fixed the Oring antea which supposidly is faulty with my model.  A month later it happens again, stranded at 2:30 in the morning.     I had the car towed once again... This time the car finally will not start when its at Volvo, thank the lord! They tell me that the Oring is the problem, they replaced it AGAIN.     At the end of this fiasco the GM of the dealership tells me that I should give them an 'A' rating on their performance evaluation because they accommodated me and finally fixed the problem! HA! Luckily for this dealership I never got the report card. Infact, I got no response from the letter I wrote to customer service. When I spoke with Volvo customer service when I was having problems with my car, they were supposed to send over a 'Volvo' techinican which never happens. The VP of customer service in my area was supposed to contact me, never did. Absolutely no respect for the customer.    Three months later, I am happy my car starts when I put the key in. My new problem is the 3 headlights I have had to replace, the 2 position failure lights I had to replace, and now the position failure light is on again(I just picked my car up for this last night!!) and all of the interior lights are flashing on and off.     Now there has got to be something wrong with the electrical. It is Thursday and they are closed tomorrow. If my car is not fixed the GM said she cannot give me a car because she does not want the liability of me having the car all weekend while my car is being fixed. Imagine that!! The Award Winning Customer Service that Chase Parkway Volvo is known for!! They would rather I drive my problem stricken car over the weekend with unknown issues over the weekend. There is Volvo's moto for you, Saftey first.     BUY A BMW!
Bought my S60 7 years ago. The first 3 years were ok..just maintenance costs. Then... forget it: I have replaced everything there is to be replaced regarding steering and suspension (struts (upper and lower) arm bushes, suspension springs). Then other parts started to fail: water pump, brake pump, fuel pump. Then the cooling system-radiator and fan. Of course Oil cooler had to be replaced and last week I had to replace one of the five engine coil... Thanks VOLVO for teaching me new words! The funny thing is that 2 close friends of mine have the same models and suffer the same!! VOLVO...? No thanks!!!
I didn't need the hot rod versions, so I bought the standard S-60. Perfect size for my wife and I. Options include: metallic paint, 5 speed automatic transmission, and premium package which includes: sunroof, leather,power drivers seat, and CD player.
This is the top of the line S60 with 247 hp and loads of standard features. Keeping in mind that the price is canadian
Overall a fantastic car, with a personality of its own. Not Acura or Lexus bland, but not chest pumping BMW either. Quality car, fast and relaiable with the best seats in the business make for a worthy entry in this competitive field.
This is an excellent car. I test drove everything from BMW, Mercedes, Audi, and Acura, Lexus and could not get all the amenites and the horsepower/comfort/safety for this price. In its class, it is the best buy without a doubt.
An extremely nice car, but don't buy it if you want a true 'sports sedan.'  The BMW 330i, BMW 540i 6 speed, Audi S4, and Lexus IS 300 are more 'sporty' than the S60.  The new Audi A4 3.0 seems a little softer, similar to the S60.    That being said, I really love this car.  It has possibly the best seats on the market, is quiet, smooth, powerful, and a great highway cruiser.  The turbo packs plenty of punch, especially when trying to pass on the freeway.  The turbo-lag below 3000 RPM is significant, but if you use the manual portion of the 5-speed 'manumatic' it is easy to keep the engine in it's power zone.    Quality seems top notch.  The black paint looks beautiful on this car, especially under the street lights at night.  Gets plenty of double takes from other people, probably because it is not a 'belly button car' like the Audi and BMW.    As was said in a previous review, the car really should be compared to the 5 series BMW (530) and the Audi A6.  In this comparison, this car wins hands-down.    Finally, Herb Gordon Volvo was great.  Remember to ask for Brian Keys (he was extremely nice and professional).
First of all, a great purchase experience.  Great dealership.  A fantastic car.  Compares more to a BMW 5 series than a 3.  Quality is everywhere.  Now available in 4 wheel drive version for 2002.  I feel I got more than I paid for, rare for me.
This car has the looks! It's outside style and curves are real eye catchers and it was love at first sight.     This is the first model year for the S-60 so beware! My car is full of software bugs: it took three tries to fix a defective sunroof, a power seat that goes to the full down position when you open the car door using the remote, a CD player that skips if you use and make your own CDs, rear headrest restraint system that unless you pay upfront to get an optional fold down device, the headrest block your rear view by more than 30%!     I've been wrestling with Volvo over the normal daytime driving lights. Once the key is in the ignition and the motor is running, there is no way to turn the lights off. The switch is useless, the car has a mind of it's own. Great safety feature if driving during the day, very bad if your sitting on a winter's night in a parking lot trying to keep warm, waiting for your kids to come out of school, and your lights are blarring into the windshield of the guy accross from you doing the same thing!    Mt advice...wait. This is the first model year. It has too many bugs for the price and your get ulcers trying to explain the problems to Volvo!!! Let them work the bugs out and buy in two years from now. If you really must buy this car, then do me a favour and take mine off my hands for me!!!
Much better car than the S70 it replaces. I was shocked. Prefered the older styling of the 70 series until I drove the S60. Far superior. The interior alone leaves it way behind. Opted for the 2.4T but decided to wait a few months and get the T5 with the 5-speed manual. Don't like the looks of the manaul, trying to look space-age like, but it'll be much more fun than the auto. But I must say, the 2.4T's auto-stick was nice.
This is volvo's best creation yet. A wonderful blend of value,class,performance, function...the list goes on and on. And black on black or some silver look great, this volvo has what the previous generations lacked, ...well rounded intelligence.
Posh and stylish.  The interior is an incredible blend of comfort and proper ergonomics.  Everything is easy to reach and the material quality rivals that of Lexus and Audi.  The seats are probably the best money can buy - beats Mercedes and Infiniti hands down.Optional Dolby Surround Sound with in-dash CD player is incredible.  Only the WAY more expensive systems found in Lexus and Infiniti (Q45) sound better - BMW, Mercedes, Acura, Audi are all playing audio catchup.  The S60 T5 is very quiet inside - great build quality with tight door seals.
Best Volvo yet and we've had a bunch. Stylish, comfortable, good ride, everything we could ask for plus all the safety features; hard to beat.
Excellent automobile. I have been driving the S60 for about seven months, and have since clocked over 20,000 miles. I am pleasantly surpised with the cars overall performance. The turbo provides excellent acceleration, especially on the freeway. In fact, I find the quietness and smoothness of the 5 speed automatic transmission exceptionally refined when shifting between gears. The fresh new look of the Volvo S60 2.4T has been problem free and without hitch so far. The quality finish of the interior leather and controls has an upscale premium feel. This car is well worth the extra money, especially when you consider all of the standard safety features, unparalled by any other car I tested in this class.
Have taken some nice weekend road trips in it and have enjoyed the driving.  Very comfortable and quiet ride.  Gas mileage has been good 26mpg commuting/city driving and 28-30mpg on road trips.  Plenty of room inside the car and the trunk is more than addequate.  The extra horsepower and the interior finish is worth the money when compared to the base model.  
Was at first talked into this car by spouse but the more I drive it the more I love it! Drove a Jag S-type for a couple of days and liked the Volvo better (I was shocked). Also drove a 97,98, and 2000 bmw 3 series and found the Volvo felt much more refined, expensive (shocked again after all the bmw hype). Can see now why some people become Volvo owners for life, the car feels classy, safe and refined but is still pretty fun to drive.
This is the first Volvo I've owned and so far it lives up to my expectations. The comfort is very high even in a model with no extra equipment. The standard seats are much more comfortable than in any other car I've compared. The large trunk space is appreciated. 
Overall outstanding car. This car is beautiful, sleek and fun to drive. It has PLENTY of power once the turbo engages at 2400 rpm. The handling is crisp and the optional 17' tires give good traction and control. I have the 'tiptronic type' automatic transmission which works well in both manual and automatic mode. The fit and finish of the car is superb although a better console storage would be nice (place to put sunglasses, etc).The only real beef I have is that there seems to be some sort of speed limiting chip installed that caps top-speed at 130 mph even though the tach is at only 4400rpm. This car could easily top 160 mph if not held back.
A little expensive, but worth the money for safety features alone. Don't understand how ANYONE can give 1 star to this car. Have to believe previous reviewer didn't actually buy one. But I was less than impressed by the base model S60. I have some concerns about what all that torque will do to the front drivetrain over the years.
This is a good vehicle for those that want a sports sedan with plenty of interior room or if you have children.  It goes like stink when you want it to, but has fine manners when driving in the city.
Great car - engine, drivability, design (in/out), safety features, fairly quiet.  Very noticeable improvement over last year's S70.  The brakes are very sensitive. Safety is definitely a strong feature - that is what Volvo stands for. The S60 with leather, sunroof etc costs over CA$41,000. Maintenance is expected to be expensive. Volvo has a history of small problems and quality control issues (check reviews under S40s and S70s).  Potential buyers should check out Acura 3.2TL or MBC240 for better value and reliability.
This is a sport sedan that is meant to be driven daily in both the city and on the highway.  It has sleek classy styling with an ergonomically sound interior.   Luxury features are modest but satisfactory.  Taking a long weekend or longer vacation with the family can be done with no concern for storage space. It has all the safety features to make you feel secure. Bottom line: it is a functional fun-to-drive car for the person who has to do more than just drive to and from work.
My previous car was a Volvo 850 sedan, which I love dearly, but the S60 is light-years ahead. The coupe-like profile, sleek cockpit and huge wheels scream sportiness. People stop and stare. The car's road manners, both on windy back roads and long highways, are excellent. There is still some front-wheel drive torque steer, but thanks to Volvo's excellent drivetrain engineering and the wide, 235 mm tires, I haven't had any real complaints with it. The space-ball shifter, while odd-looking, moves quite naturally, and compares well to my friend's 1994 530i. There's no excuse to get an automatic transmission in a car like this! The turbo powerplant is wonderful and has torque all over the rev range. It's nice being able to pull up next to unsuspecting Audi and Acura drivers in a Volvo and then smoke them (it makes a very satisfying *whoosh*, too). Having the safety features is very comforting, and fortunately, I have never needed them. My 850 was involved in a serious crash, and absorbed the impact just fine- I walked away. I expect the same kind of reliability and safety from the S60. If I had the money to spare, I'd buy an all-wheel drive BMW, but for my money, this is a great car and I look forward to lots of time with it.
What can be said about this car? Just take a look at it. This is the second Volvo I have had. The first was a 1998 Volvo S70 T5. Anyone who's ever driven a Volvo knows that they have always been fast and reliable, with this car being no exception. Compared with the S70, the S60 is faster, better looking and even safer, if thats really possible for a Volvo. This car has every kind of saftey device available. Each passenger gets three-point seatbelts with pre-tensioners, dual-stage front airbags, side airbags and whiplash-reducing seats. Volvo's got something called 'inflatable curtain' reduce injuries during a side impact.Eariler this week, I saw an electric blue S60 T5 in a really bad car accident. The car was a complete write off with every panel just distroyed, but all 5 people in the car walked away! Unbelievable. The car sticks to the road like glue. Lay the peddle down and get mashed back into your seats. Definitely get the 5 speed transmission with its cool 'space ball' shifter. The interior of the car is covered in some type of ice cold looking metal, which lines the dash and shifter.For the money, I don't think you can beat this car.
Real head turner that has a visual 'wow factor'. Very pretty from rear views. Excellent for motoring interstate on cruise control, extremely comfortable and relaxing drive. Over past 2 yrs have averaged overall 8.9l/100km. Absolutely no problems with anything mechanical, totally reliable and trouble free. However, brakes take a bit of getting used to, seem over-servoed.
The electrcial system is crap. Headlights and tail lights are always blowing (that is when they aren't getting loose in a poorly constructed socket and giving false error messages). Now I am being told that a pigtail cannot be ordered to fix the cheap pins on the right turn signal and that an entire engine wiring harness must be purchased and installed ($1,200 for parts and the sky is hte limit on labor) by the Scott Volve Mazda 'service' department. This ina ddition to my third set of strut mounts in 110,00miles and a second sway bar (one of each was covered under waranty) and countless brake jobs. I drive slowly and not aggressively. I will never purchase a Volvo again based on a poorly designed product and even poorer dealer service.
I purchased the car used in 2004 as a daily driver while i worked on my other funner cars. I bought it on recommendation from a friend that just loved his. I test drove it found it a little sloshy, but plenty powerful, comfortable, well made, and good on gas. I have previously owned all manners of European cars MB, BMW, VW, and more. I found it to be a very reliable and wonderful car. I am a shade tree mechanic and have never taken a car in to get fixed in my life. In the time I owned the car I kept up on maintenance, changing filters and fluids as needed. Replaced the timing belt and suspension as I felt necessary. The car is incredibly comfortable and I will probably buy another one. If you do purchase one and it is a turbo. Make sure to get the car chipped or get and APC for it. That gave my car an extra 40hp or so. And if you decide to replace the shocks after they wear outgo with Bilstein HD's and you will ahve a car that is plenty fast and handles very well.  I've only had one problem with the car since I bought it and that was a bad wheel bearing. I replaced it for $100 and never looked back. By far the best car I've owned, I will own another for sure. People that complain about the car are probably the type of people who would complain about getting given a winning lottery ticket.
BUYER BEWARE!!!!  I bought my Volvo new as an entry into the luxury market and it's has been nothing but trouble. Now I wish I chose something else. If you do buy one, get the extended warranty....you'll need it!     Here is a list of issues at only 60K:  * Transmission replaced at 60K!!  * Electrical problems: replaced headlights 3 times, sunroof power, lights for rear license plate  * Grinding noise when I turn sharply (Reported each time and they can't find the problem)  * Sunroof would pop up at high speeds  * Motor for door locks/alarm replaced  * Interior panels fell off exposing safety air curtain  * Problems with the 17in performance tires  * Problem with rear door closing properly    For the money I paid, I'm NOT happy with Volvo and will never buy another one. In my opinion, it doesn't have the quality I was expecting.
Fell in love with the sleek desgin and the awesome sound system. The quick acceleration was great and at first, road noise was minimal. The climate control worked well for smouldering summers down here. Decent gas mileage. Love the leather seats and very roomy interior, driver and passenger seat,
I have only ever driven Volvo's so I am very familiar with them but not with any other kind of car. From a 1989 740 GLE to a 1991 740 to a 1993 740 Turbo to a 1995 960 to a 1998 S70 and now onto my current 2001 S60 2.4T. I will say that it is the fanciest of the bunch! It doesn't look like a box anymore! Anyways, there are definitely a few bugs! I almost wonder if the fact that this car was built after Ford bought Volvo is the reason behind them. Major electrical problems too! Read below to see why I call my S60 a FOLVO!
I have owned my S60 2.4T for 14 months. I feel very safe and comfortable driving it, however I am experiencing some common problems which I have heard voiced in other reveiws including 1) The sunroof getting stuck in the open position along with a malfunction of the front overhead and mirror lighting system, 2) the cupholder located in the dashboard is a joke, I've had it repaired at the 7500 service and the 15000 mile service, and 3) the brakes make a whistling noise when they are released and the sound is longer and more apparent to myself and passengers the longer I am stopped, this is quite annoying and the volvo service center insures my it is normal, however the loaner car they give me during service does not do this.
this was the first volvo that i ever owned and it will be my last .... just last week i went sliding in the rain right through a red light ... just because the car cannot proform.  if i was in the camry or santa fea  i would doubt that happening
A very good and comfortable car, fun to drive and with a feeling of being safe....
a first time volvo owner and loving it! Formerly strictly a Toyota family I am getting to the age I want comfort and  reliability. This car is the plain jane...5 speed manual, cloth seats non-turbo
We owned an Acura Legend for 11yrs and it was nver in shop. My Volvo S60 has been in the shop for the same thing 6 times. Don't get the backup sensors installed on the car by Volvo, it's never worked on my car!
See 'Strengths'
I am a high mileage driver and this car is no disappointment. Turbo amd 200HP makes it fum to drive along with the geartronic transmission when you want to play. The level of comfort and security leads me to wonder why they build an AWD version.
I wouldnt buy this one again. a big mistake. Save 10-15000 dollar and buy a Japan built car or domestic.
I bought a brand new Volvo S60,as soon as the car had one year of use everything started to come apart and since then every year the repair expenses have been very high. The car is not made to last at this point I would have prefered to buy a BMW or a Mercedes... Bad Choice
Testimony for reasons not to buy a used car. This S60 had 39,000 miles on it when purchased in 07. I've come to the conclusion that it is a poorly built car that wasn't treated kindly by it's previous owner. Like a dog gotten from the pound after being liberated from an undeserving owner, the S60 seems to be out to assault me and my wallet. Here's how: --I can't imagine how a car built in a northern European country can be so awful in snow or ice (or rain for that matter). This car is downright dangerous when the going gets slippery! --Nice to look at, and comfortable to cruise on down the interstate, but a stodgy, ponderous, underpowered mess on the twisty, turny backroads I like to drive. I feel like I should drive slowly in the left lane, wearing a hat and leaving a turn signal blinking on, off, on, off.... Maybe I should move to Florida; gets me out of the snow, too... --I don't know what happened to Volvo: their cars of old were legendary for lasting hundreds of thousands of miles while faithfully plodding forward without complaint. I've poured hundreds and hundreds of dollars into this one, now with 88K miles on the odometer. Burned up brakes twice (and I've never, ever had to replace brakes on a car before, so it's not me!), struts, tires, steering bushings, the list goes on and on. Broke the drive for the power window on the passenger side; don't know how, the stereo arbitrarily decides I'd rather listen to AM radio, or sometimes a cassette now and then, light bulbs blow faster than a $10 hooker....the whole car screams to me, 'Yes, I may be Swedish but I work like I was built in some Eastern block country by drunks rushing to go on Holiday!'
Overall good solid car. Impressed so far when compared with Nissan or Toyota.
I leased a 98 S70 GLT for four years and my wife didn't want me to keep it so I got a Jetta GLX. But I always wanted the Volvo. Recently wife got a V70 2.4T and it reminded me so much of my S70. I soon became very disenchanted with the Jetta. So bought the S60 - so much more comfortable.
I LOVE this car. Everything about my S70 is great, from its looks, to its engine. Its everything you would expect in a luxury car. The Swedish really know how to make a good car. In Sport Mode, you get rocketed onto the highway and can stop just as fast. Ice and snow are no problem. You can drive up a steep icy driveway with no worries while you sit in premium heated leather seats, listening to a CD comming out of 8 speakers. Where others cars of this class lag, the Volvo S70 soars. The BMW 540i is the competitor to the S70, and after totalling the 540i, I feel MUCH safer in the S70. I cannot give this car enough praise. Same goes for service and support. I have always had prompt and friendly service for oil changes and maintance. These cars are TANKS with superstar engines.
We are Americans who live/work in Germany and we bought our Volvo over here.  European cars don't have 4 year warranties like they do in the states (Americans are SO lucky!), instead the standard is a one year warranty.  Anyway, in the very beginning we had problems with the car but most of the problems were aesthetic.  But after a few months the problems started mounting.  I won't go into all the aesethetic problems here, just the mechanical.  Below are the items that needed repairing in the two years that we've owned the car.  Most of these problems we had to pay out of pocket, because it happened after our 1 year warranty expired:  1.  Ignition switch broke   2.  Electric Windows died  3.  Heater blower quit blowing  4.  Rotors replaced  5.  Locking mechanism replaced  6.  Strange high pitched engine noise (never remedied)
This model continues the 240 legacy. Rock solid feel strong acceleration great fuel economy.  These are more Euro like than anything Japan is turning out. Far nicer feel and easier to love than the numb Japanese competitors.  This car is for the Euro set no question, it is a throwback to its roots and is the last of the real Volvo's. The new S80s are really to Ford like to be taken seriously.
Excellent car. A little tight in the suspension but advantages at highway speeds and cornering. Sometimes bumpy on rough city roads at low speeds. When the Turbo kicks in on the highways, you can feel the Gs it puts you back in your seat. Sometimes when you catch the timing just right, it will shoot off like a rocket. Smooth quiet ride at any speed. Not the best for city driving due to Turbo lag, that is, if you want to race down highway streets cutting in and out like a little Honda Civic, it doesn't work. Excellent breaks!
I know that older Volvo's have quite a reputation, some good, some bad but I can only speak from the newer product line perspective. I would highly recommend a 2000 Volvo or newer for anyone. Friends that have riden in my Volvo can't believe it is a Volvo. I have a neighbor that owned an older 240 and he was very impressed following a ride in my S70. I know that Volvo has redesigned the V70, S80 and are introducing a new S60 for 2001. My wife is so impressed with our S70 that she is considering trading her minivan in for a 2001 V70. I think Volvo cars will be in our family for a long time to come.
The car in and of itself is a disaster.  Volvo is not concerned about quality or customer service.  http://www.geocities.com/wepollock/
It´s a real good car, on the other hand, even the s70 has a very good speakers installation, the audio receiver isn´t good enought for the price.
the lighting is very annoying...often times check engine light comes on but dealer lies to me and says its no problem and just turn the gas cap three circles around...tried fixed the problem but the check engine light came on when we got back home. rear lights turn off many times by itself, i have to open and close the trunk to turn them on. rims are too small, exhaust not big enough. The engine is weak, and is slow to respond to the foot on the pedal. paid tooooooo much for a car like this. could have bought a integra type R instead. only get this car if you're into dealing with problems with your car.
It has been a comfortable and very useful automobile for my wife and two kids so far but I don't think I will purchase another Volvo based on the number of times I have had to take this wagon to our dealer for repairs. I don't think I will keep this wagon beyond the warranty term. I have since met many of my Volvo owning neighbors and they all talk about how their Volvo cars have never required a towtruck but do require a lot of visits to the dealer for odd repairs.  Overall, I am very disappointed in the quality of the components Volvo has assigned to their cars. I would recommend that families remember to look at Toyota and Honda minivans if they are considering a Volvo wagon.  I think that is what we will do in a couple of years when the warranty is done.
I have a '99 S70 with 24K miles, 17 months. Great car. A joy to drive. Wonderful for long road trips. I put 200K plus on my 1988 240 (still in family). Hope the S70 brings as many miles of pleasure. Wonderful dealership, Point West Volvo in Irving, Texas. I bought the S70 for safety and dependability. Test drove an Avalon, but could not stand the thought of leaving Point West to go for service when needed at a Toyota dealership. Point West spoiled me with my 240. Free Volvo to drive when yours is being serviced.  
I love the styling of the car, inside and out, and generally like the way it handles.  I feel more 'in control' of the car then with the Japanese cars I've always driven.  I went with a Volvo this time due mainly to its safety rating and the new, sleeker appearance of the S70 than previous models.  I have been unpleasantly surprised, however, with the number of 'minor' problems I've experienced with car in only two years.  It seems that shortly following each scheduled maintenance visit, some new quirky problem arises that sends me back to the service department for 'warranty work.'  I've listed some of these in the 'weaknesses' section of my review. I really want to 'love' this car and possibly drive another one some day, but the more problems I encounter, the less comfortable I feel about it.
Feels solid and safe as a Volvo should feel.  The 190HP turbo engine gives the extra power needed because of the weight.  It's fun to drive and very comfortable inside.  No problems on those long distance trips.  Overall, a great car with Volvo's safety reputation!  
An excellent sport sedan, and much more reliable than I had hoped.  I bought this car for the safety features Volvo is famous for and the security of an all-wheel drive system. So far I'm as happy as can be. Last winter the S70 climbed right up icy inclines while other cars (and even SUVs) were sliding backwards off the road. Many people seem to be having problems with their S70s, which amazes me. Either mine was built by Volvo's master mechanic or other people are picky about little things I don't notice. Yes, the full-power DRLs burn through low-beam bulbs quickly. I now carry a couple in my trunk just in case. Takes 5 minutes to replace them. I went through the turn signal socket problems, but Volvo replaced them with no questions. I bought this car in San Antonio TX and have had it serviced in Midland TX and Alexandria VA. I have been extremely impressed and pleased with service at all three places, which tells me Volvo service must be generally very good nationwide. Loaners are provided without question or charge, and work is done quickly and explained well. There is never a hassle. I complaied that my radio knob was flaking, so one dealership REPLACED THE WHOLE RADIO. If BMW and Mercedes service are supposed to be better than this, I expect they must me providing manicures and massages while you wait. Otherwise, I can't see how it could get better.
My S70 GLT has been reliable so far, apart from little problems. After owning a Subaru, noting seems to be causing my concern. As long as there is not major mechanical problem, then I am happy on owning this car as I bought it more for the Volvo's reputation on safety.  Its 190hp turbo engine makes it a real fun to drive.
Typical european car, great to drive, very solid, mechanically durable, But like most european cars the electrical system is a nightmare. If you can maintain it yourself it is not an expensive car to own .Most of the replacements parts are inexpensive from aftermarket retailers If you have to rely on the dealer or a shop the costs are very high. Because of the electrical problems and high maintance costs these cars lose value very quickly during the first 4 years thus making 4-5 year old Volvos very affordable to buy.
I purchased the Volvo S70 GLT used in the summer of 02 for my wife. I bought it with 90k miles and have 118k now. It is in very good condition.    I am very satisfied with the car. It rides very nice, comfy seats, and plenty of power. I really enjoy driving it.    Mechanically I have had a few problems. I drive a Toyota Camry with 240k miles so I expect high reliability out of my cars. The driver's side window controls quit working. I took it apart and could not fix it. I ended up buying the control on-line for around $100. The dealer wanted $160 for it and I am sure quite a bit to install. I have also had some problems with the A/C. I think there is a very slow R-12 leak. I just buy a can of R-12 at AutoZone once a summer and it works fine. I am sure I will have to get the dealer to fix it sometime, but dread the cost.    I do all maintenance myself and have not had to take it to a shop at all. I replaced the timing belt myself which was not too bad. I cannot get the filter from AutoZone, but Napa sells it. I bought a repair book for it, which has really helped. The site is www.books4cars.com
The car is beautiful, I will give it that.The style is sleek and we bought it in perfect condition with low miles.And then it started....First the air went out, which apparently is a common problem with this model and the one previous to it.This repair was $1500, but we paid it happily since we loved the car so much.By the way, this repair was done within three weeks of owning the car and was not covered under any warranty.YIPPEE!The switch to move the driver seat back and forth does not work properly, but the preprogramed buttons do, so that is not an issue worth fixing at the time.(The switches do work when you are not sitting down.)The manual states that if something is blocking the sensors in the seat that it will not move, so I am convinced that the sensors are probably faulty.I have had to replace a brake light, which is not a big deal, and I was happy that there is an indicator light which lets you know you have a light out.I noticed right away that the driver side window switch seemed a little sticky and it was not an issue until today.I was at a drive-thru coffee stand and could not get my window down.It kept making a clicking sound, like it was trying to work, but nothing was happening.I then realized that the other windows and the sunroof were not working as well.I picked up my cell phone then and there and immedietly called the Volvo dealer to schedule an appointment to come in, which is a week from today.I am happy to say that my husband is rather handy in the repair department, so hopefully he can figure out the problem before my visit.I feel that I am drasitically overcharged at the Volvo dealership repair department, therefore, any repairs my hubby can do are great.We have had to repair the speakers several times.The wiring they have done is real shotty.The rear speakers were making an annoying crackling sound, which my husband repaired easily, and now he will need to repair the front speakers, which stop working often.I now only keep the rear speakers on because it is so annoying to hear the front speakers going in and out.I have noticed a few annoying rattling sounds since they fixed my AC, mostly when it is excessively warm.The headlight switch broke, but depending on when your car was made, it may be covered under recall, ours was not.As you can see, I have not had any mechanical problems or anything that would put me in danger of being stranded on the side of the road with my children, and I am pleased about that. I think my biggest gripe is the Volvo service department. They overcharge, keep your car too long, and you can never get an appointment in a timely manner. The service shop in our town is the only one in the area, which I find to be an indicator that they need to open another one, but that is just me.
I bought the car based on traditional Volvo reliability. It is also the last of the 'brick' styling which I personally like. I think the car is well thought out and I definately got what I paid for. It was used of course and with 62,000 miles, it looked as if it were brand new. I came to this website to find out what others thought of their S70 and had some concerns. I did ask dealer questions regarding recalls and typical repairs and they seemed pretty straight-forward. Because this car was 'Certified Used' it came with an extended warranty that covers the powertrain and some other important stuff.  There were a few upgrades to the electrical system. This is really a good basic car that does it's job very well. The salesman tho, refused me a test drive when I was first looking for the S70 to buy, when I showed up a few months later really needing a car, I politely reminded him again if I could test drive. I never got to, but got the car anyway. I thought that was rude.
So far I have had great luck with my 98 S70 T5. I will say that it does have a bit more interior noise then I like when you hit big bumps of pot holes but thats my only real complaint. The high pressure turbo even stock is really nice. I converted mine to an R class via the IPD sport exhaust and ECU upgrade now puts out 290 HP and 300 ft-lb tourque. This thing will scare you some times, 110 mph is no problem and you don't even know your doing it. I have the fully loaded S70 T5 with all the bells and whistles more button then you can shake a stick at, and so far they all work just fine. I have also installed the Volvo carbon fiber spark plug cover, aluminum strut brace, side marker lights and the Volvo stainless steel door threshold protector plates. The heated leather seats work great for those cold mornings. I also love the 8 speaker sound system.
Volvo's are by far the best cars. My S70 saved my life, i was driving up to Boston when a drunk driver drifted into my lane rapidly and nailed the back of my car, this sent me into a tail spin right into a huge pole on I95. My right side of the car was completly destroyed, i hit the pole going about 50-60 mph (the main spots hit were the very end of my door to my back bumper). The car didnt break in half or anything! Right after impact my car spun around and a Lexus SUV rear ended me going about 50 only because she slammed on her breaks (because we all know-nobody does the speed limit), and several other cars just hit me, but nothing major just side-swipes. I fortunatly was wearing my seat belt and only got airbag burn and major whip lash (Volvo cant prevent this) and my arm got stuck in the door but i could pull myself out. It was quite dramatic. If i was in a Honda or Toyota i honnestly think i would be dead or badly hurt. I didnt press charges. But the volvo was great! When you drive it you can feel that it is a very solid car! It was so comfortable, drove great, and saves lives! Never had a problem with it, escept the normal things like tires and tune-ups. I'm picking up my new S70 today :)
I bought it used
I purchased a 1 Yr old S70 from a New Hampshire dealer; good experience, clean car with 14,000 miles. Nice dealer.  I found out later that the car was a former Avis rental car from California !  The car looks good and is comfortable. Feels solid; but has had a lot of problems with the front end and suspension as well as the electrical system. The front end is always going out of alignment; this was the first year of the front wheel drive and I do not think they perfected the design. The front end is very heavy and the tires wear out at 12-15k intervales. I have had the front end aligned 4 times in 2 years of use. The car has no power and is a dog for handling. The electrical system acts up often from having cab lamps go on for no reason to having the rear license plate light stay on. The car has been in for several recalls to the electrical controls and lamp holder units.  I owned a SAAB before this car and I am very disapointed in the design and level of quality, fit and finish to the Volvo S70 body. This is an economy car sold at a near-luxury price. I would not buy another Volvo.
Nice looking and driving car. Engine noise is quite apparent which are not in other car companies makes and models. I have the repair history and nothing really to worry about so far. However, I've had to replace numerous bulbs to the front turn signals and the rear tail light assemblies. I did have recall work which seemed to clear up the front bulb problem, but not the rear. This car is very responsive (engine wise)in comparison to the 1990 760 turbo I owned previously. I've had good luck with my dealership which is one of the reasons I own a Volvo. Good professional, quality consious, service. Although Ford now owns Volvo, if they mess with this particular area of client/customer relations they may as well sell it back to the Swedes because it will never be tolerated in the 30-40/k price catagory.
Very Important. Be sure you are confident in your service shop. Both in quality of work and in fair pricing. My solution was to find an independent Volvo shop with decades of experience. Volvo dealer overestimated labor and recommended unnecessary work--all in writing which I still have. Be sure you truly get preventative maintenance that you pay for. I like my car but there are repetitive weaknesses. Read on for more.
Nice all around Sedan, volvo makes a great car; Comfortable, good MPG, smooth ride, Relable, Brakes well, sticks to the road.
Very nice luxury family sedan. Wonderful seat comfort, great performance with low pressure turbo engine. I get about 19 to 22 mpg around town in mixed driving. SOLID car that should last a very long time. So far only minor problems that have all been taken care of under warranty for free. Purchased as used certified. Please note that I have an excellent dealer and the dealer can make all the difference!
Excellent handling and the turbo really performs.  Goes 60 to 100mph in a flash.  I love that engine.  Front seats are very comfortable.
Just want to say, avoid T-5 S70 as a used car. i DON'T recommend it to anyone. My 850 turbo was a lot better.Now we are getting a bimmer very soon.
Don't buy one...they are a maintenance and money pit...  The rating is only deserved because the car has some theoretical attributes that could make it a good car.
Mine is a loaded version of the base so i have just about everything except for the turbocharger. I feel that the base engine is underpowered...though i didn't expect much from a 162 Hp but it feels so slow off the line compared to other cars i have driven. It feels like its only making about 130 hp.Where i live there are very few european imports so i like the feeling of my car being exclusive..i hardly see any other S70's on the road.Many compliment the car inside and out. THe styling hasn't changed dramatically in the past but the few styling changes they made make the car look that much more attractive.
Ownership of this Volvo was an unpleasant experience. Due to it's design, The car had an awkward, sluggish feel on the road. I found it particularly annoying to drive in the give-and-take of fast, heavy freeway traffic. However, doing business with the Dealer's service department was by far the worst part of my Volvo ownership experience. Never again.
This is the best car I have owned, and that includes, a couple of Porches and BMW sports!  this car is a ICBM that destroys all but 30 other cars on the road in Australia.  I kill all the Bevens in Comodores at the lights, and yet my wife can drive the car and the kids to school without any hassleThis is the best way to drive
I have owned many cars (see above), and aside from the significantly more expensive BMW's, no other car compares. After reading the other reviews it's hard to beleive we're talking about the same car; what the hell are you doing to your Volvo's to create so many problems? After putting 40k miles on my S70 I've replaced some light bulbs and that's it! Not a single squeak or rattle. The ride is far from harsh, I've had the suspension tightened and it's still smoother than the BMW's. Underpowered?!?! Are you guys nuts? The turbo 238 horsepower engine has a 0-60 in 6.1 seconds. VERY few cars under 40k even come close to this speed. This is frankly the safest, most powerful, and reliable car you will ever drive in this price range; or any other!
after putting 180k on 1979 740gl, i expected the similar kind of car from volvo. boy, am i dissapointed :(. granted it runs fast, safe etc.but it is EXPENSIVE to maintain. almost every trip of 5K maintenance is costing me 2-3 bills. i was used to spend the same on the old car., but even the new car?
The best car ever build.  You can go 220 km/h and it feels like 100 km/h. It has good handling, lots of rooms, very comfotable seats, I could go on, and on... The only problem that we had was with turning signals that were replaced. No problems so far.  I recomend that car over any other car in its class!!!
The best car ever build.  You can go 220 km/h and it feels like 100 km/h. It has good handling, lots of rooms, very comfotable seats, I could go on, and on...
A blast to drive, a very safe and comfortable car to dive, the seats are comfortable.I bought the car for the safety features and spend a lot of time on the highway daily. After 22 years of driving with no accidents ,I was involved in one on the interstate last December. I was stopped in traffic and was rear ended by a Porsche doing 70 mph and in turn I rear ended the car in front of me.The car did what it was suppose to do and turned into a safety cage. I walked away un harmed, no whip lash, no broken bones. I felt great afterwards and only had a slight headache. I think I was more upset that car was wrecked. $12,000 later the car is up and running again, they did a great job fixing, but its still not the same. I would highly recommend this car for teens,wifes and someone who puts safety first.My lease is up and I have looked at other cars but you still can't beat the volvo value.
I bought this car as I wanted something a little bit better than the usual run of the mill Fords I have been running for the last few years. I did have a BMW 325 as a company car for a while but was not impressed. By buying it used, I saved a lot of money yet with only 20000 miles on the clock, it has just run in.The S70 came with all the toys and is a nice big comfy car that seems to shrink around you once you get it onto the open road. The TDi engine is a bit slow away from the lights but once rolling, leaves most things for dead. It will cruise on the motorway all day without even trying. On top of that, it returns an average of 43mpg which can't be bad for such a big fast car.The dealer has been great. He should be as I drive about 1000 miles a week so servicing comes round far too soon although the cost of servicing is on a par with the BMW so can't complain too much.Yes I would buy another one but they don't make them anymore which is a shame. The V70 would just be too OTT as I don't need the space it gives. Besides, the S70 has a more sporty image.
We wanted something solid, comfortable, safe, yet something that can get out of it's own way on the highway. We also wanted something 'different' I had a BMW that was reliable but the little parts that went were uncalled for and the prices were sickening, I also did not like the snob factor. Saabs seemed long in the tooth and Audi reliability is a question mark. We loved our previous Hondas and Toyotas but they had about as much soul as a dead squid. We also did need need 0-60 in 5 seconds, we would use that feature as much as most people use the 4wd on their SUV's, well maybe a little more....  
I bought the car new in 1998 based on Volvo's safety record.  Found about 4 quarts of oil on my driveway the day after I took it home.  Got the main seal replaced under warranty.  On the way back home from the dealership, the 'check engine' light came on.  Returned to the dealer to get that fixed.  The day after I brought it home, the 'check engine' light came on again.  Returned to the dealership.  Finally got that fixed.  About one month later, trunk began popping open for no apparent reason.  Returned to the dealer yet again.  Two weeks later, passenger side front door lock breaks.  Returned to the dealership.  Driver's seat has developed an annoying click and I've been told that click is caused by something that Volvo hasn't fixed yet.  The dash rattles constantly, I've been through three cupholders.  Oh, and I almost forgot, The seat memory has quit working twice.  Keep in mind that, on top of everything else, this car goes through light bulbs like a fat lady goes through a plate of nachos.I think I can honestly say that I will never again buy another Volvo and I can say that because I have driven every other car Volvo sells in the U.S. as a service loaner.If you plan on buying a car in this price range, I strongly recommend one of the cars I have mentioned under 'similar products.'
Based on the other reviews, I find that people don't do their homework when buying a vehicle. Make sure you know what you want, and ask others who own the product your looking for. They say the average Volvo owner keeps his/her car for an average of 13 years, which beats many other car makers like in Detroit not to name names. I'm happy to own this car and I've enjoyed ever minute driving it. 
This car, with the turbocharged engine, is very powerful with great acceleration and passing ability.  The seats are also very comfortable.  Unfortunately, the other aspects of this car do not measure up.  The car is frequently in need of servicing for a variety of minor but annoying problems that Volvo seems unable to permanently fix.  The brake pads wear out in less than 20,000 miles and are very expensive to replace.  The exterior and interior hardware is very flimsy and costly to fix.  The paint will scratch with the slightest touch.  Our lease expires in ten months and we are eagerly awaiting that date.
When I retired my used 1986 BMW L7 in 1998, looked for a car in the $30K range since I wouldn't spend $50+ for another.  Leased the S70 based on Volvo's reputation for reliability and safety.  For a car priced in this range, don't feel it's worth the money.  Car rattles and makes other strange noises when hitting bumbs, have had constant problems with directional signal failure.  Don't plan to buy when lease is up.  Don't plan to get another Volvo either.
I paid around $42,000 Canadian for it.I would surely recommend this car for those who seek a safe,reliable,comfortable and quick vehicle.It handles well,almost like a sports carbut can be used as a family car too.I feel this car is most appreciated  during winter.Canadian winters arerough and this baby really shines and performs almost as well as 4x4sdo on ice and snow.I will never drive a rear wheel drive car again.I am also really surprised when I read some of the reviews of this carand found out that alot of people have had alot of repairs done.This car is quite reliable and dependable so far for me.
    This is an excellent car for anyone who wants to be safe in a car, who want to have a car with great performance.  By upgrading this engine from 236hp to 280 hp you can go 0-60 mph from 7.0 sec to 5.4 sec    Very good car for long trips, five passangers or four passangers and a dog.  Once you drive VOLVO, you will NOT want to have another car!!! The second car I will be buying is 2002 V70 R!
Paid 48K+This is my 4th Volvo which shows my loyalty to the brand over the years.  It seams as though the reliability of the cars manufactured has been declining and I will be unloading the car soon (before the warranty expires to maximize resale value) and will be moving into a BMW or Mercedes.
I've leased it, monthly paiment was about $440.I got some excitment from this car - first 6 monthes. After that - I've to see my dealer more often  than my girlfriend.Cannot recommend it - totally unreliable and feels outdated. Good bye, VOLVO! Forever. 
Overall, I would reccomend this car, but I have had some trouble with it.  There is an oil leak around the transmission now and the car only has 65,000 miles on it.  Not under warranty anymore.  $650 to fix it. Love the crisp stereo system with excellent bass and growl of the car's Inline-5 Turbo.  Bought an automatic in our S70, but next time I'd go with a standard, especially with a car that has this much power (236 hp).
I would not recommend this car. This was my first experience with Volvo (my lease is up in a couple of months). Within a few weeks of taking delivery, the windshield wiper motor(s) conked out while I was on the interstate in a driving rain.  The same thing happened on a couple of occasions about a year later. There were other electrical problems as well (including disabled door locks, both headlights burning out around the same time, and erratic service lights).  The dealer was good about tending to the problems, but I was there too often.  In addition, after about a year, a number of minor (but annoying) squeaks and rattles started to develop. And in ordinary traffic (i.e., off the interstate), the ride has become very rough, with jarring vibrations being produced through the steering column from even small bumps. Other than in perfect driving conditions (in which the car seems to do fine), this is not a vehicle that instills a feeling of confidence. It is probably an average car (3 stars for value and overall); but given that Volvo markets reliability and the feeling of safety, and given my disappointment as to those matters, I have to give it a 2 overall.
(1998 Model) - excellent value for the money, fun to drive and reliable
Although my prior 240 was a maintenance nightmare, I decided to go again with the S70 on the basis of Volvo's legendary safety and the fact that, at the time, it was the only car with side air bags that was in my price range.Strengths:As noted above, I have enjoyed driving the S70 greatly: it obviously accelerates much better than the 240, and has rock-solid road manners. It is not a sports car, but it handles and accelerates very well while keeping its passengers very comfortable. Highway stability is wonderful. Once the engine broke in, the cabin noise level dropped considerably as well.The car is also very functional. It has great passenger and cargo space: we transported our dining room table through the rear split seats!Personally, I also like the styling.Weaknesses:My early impression is that the fit and finish is not up to par. The adhesives used in the doors, while probably environmentally friendly, were weak and caused the vinyl to bubble in the hot California sun. My dealer assured me that multiple customers have come in with the same complaint. Thank God that problem was fixed under warranty. A couple of squeaks and rattles have also emerged from the doors and the ceiling.No mechanical problems so far, however (*knock on wood*).Overall, an excellent car and a vast improvement over the 240. A pleasure to drive and own. One of the safest cars out there.Long-term durability is probably better than that of the 240, but still not be up to Mercedes, BMW, or Lexus.Peace,WTC.
Dealer service dept took genuine interest in eliminating the offensive noises. Car handled 55 mph deer strike very well and is back to like new after $3500 repairs.Nl aspirated 5 cyl engine good enough for us. Miss leather seats (base model). Will keep V70 for 150k+ miles. Looking now at S40 sedan to replace aging Saab 9000 (nearly 150k on odometer).
With over 135,000 miles and only indifferent service, car has been great.  The only major flaw was a turbo failure 3 days before warranty expiration that was replaced at the dealer.  Parts are kind of pricey, but not worse than any other European car.  Not too thrilled with my dealer, but I'm usually not. As a fairly competent restorer and mechanic, I get pissed off when a dealer tries to sell me extra service beyond me immediate needs.  My Volvo dealer takes the 'you don't need to know why, so be a good little customer, open your check book and don't ask stupid questions' route.  My opinion is that if your are expecting A Chevy-Ford experience, don't buy a European car.  The upkeep is always more expensive.
Dealer refused to pay for the trashed front rotors.  I replaced with Bremcos - noisier, but work as well or better.  I might have thought it was a freak flaw, except my wife's '97  850 sedan's rotors did the same thing, 10,000 miles sooner . . . .It's fun to drive and great for trips.  The back seat folds down flat with the rear platform in a jiffy.  But the sidewalls on the Michelins are pretty thin - one brush against a curb and the tire is history.  And the paint has chipped off from day one, and is impossible to touch up so it doesn't show, dramatically.It seemed like a bargain at the time, and may turn out to be in the end.  If the transmission doesn't fail, and I can get over 140k without any major repairs (as with the 240), I'll be satisfied.   But I would NOT recommend any Volvo newer than the 850.  Reliability has gone very South, as other posts attest.  I would recommend a '95 - '97 850 that had been very carefully checked out, before looking at anything newer.I should admit, my favorite car was my '63 120 sedan . . .  underpowered, lumpy-looking, prone to rust front fenders and a real kick to drive (and 40+ mpg on the highway).
I purchased the car used from Powell Volvo in Scottsdale, and had problems with the alignment.  It turns out the car was in an accident before I purchased it, and the dealer never told me (I don't know if they knew about the accident.)  I was later involved in a very serious accident that totaled my Volvo.  A man driving a 1985 Chevy Caprice Classic (a huge car made of pure steel) ran a red light and broad-sided the passenger side of my car traveling at 70 miles per hour.  My face went into the airbag, and my safety belt kept me safely in place.  I was relatively uninjured, except that my knees slammed into the dashboard.  I had to have knee surgery as a result of the injury.  Although the car was totaled, the body of the vehicle was in good shape given that the size and speed of the vehicle that hit me.  Most other vehicles would have been reduced to scrap metal after that type of collision. I am incredibly thankful that I was driving a Volvo during my accident - I'm certain I'm alive because of it (and God's mercy.)  The car did what it claims to do - converts from an automobile into a safety cage in the event of an accident.  Many lives would be saved each year if other car manufacturers followed Volvo's lead by putting safety first.   I decided not to buy another Volvo because a new S70 T-5 cost $37,000 in 1999, and I was able to buy a pre-certified  Lexus LS400 with only 15,000 miles on it for $38,000.  The dashboard on the Lexus doesn't sit right above my knees, so I don't have to worry about re-injuring myself if I'm involved in another serious accident.  Overall, the Volvo is a good value highlighted by comfort, performance, safety and reasonable maintenance costs.
Interior noise levels from transmission, engine, and windows are entirely too high compared to other cars in this price category.  Maybe this improves with the bigger engines. But it feels solid and inspires confidence on the road. I enjoy driving it.  There are other safe cars out there, choose wisely, this may not be the best.  Glad I am leasing.
Not worth the $29,540 I paid for it.  I would not recommend the Volvo S70 SE to anyone I care about.
Just bought the car, but I love it!  Dependability?  Well I don't know yet, but other's I know have the 850 and no problemos.  I really like driving the car, I am used to a Land Rover Discovery, so getting into a Sedan is a real bonus.  The interior is great and very roomy.  Did I say great acceleration?  Awesome.
I flat out LOVE this car. Leasing mine and got a great deal (compared to equivalant models from other manufacturers). Actually, great deal period. I didn't get the turbo, wish I did. I had a turbo loaner while they detailed mine before delivery. The turbo flat out hauls! Even without the turbo, it's a quick car. As someone else mentioned, great on the road. It'll pull from 65mph to 100+ in a snap. Very comfortable at speed. Actually it becomes more comfortable the faster you go.If you like gadgets, you can get'em with this car. I drive mine hard and still get 23 mpg (I know this from the handy trip computer).I know the Volvo styling turns some people off, a lot of my friends were included in that group before I got mine. This car converts people.This is my first Volvo, and won't be my last. Many people have posted reviews about older/different Volvo models. Those reviews don't apply to this car.
I've had my T5 for about a year now.  Very nice car. well made and you can feel the quality.  If you don't want to fit in with the every body has one type car (BMW, Benz, Audi) you really owe it to yourself to test drive this car.
Although my car is a 1997 850 model it is bassically a S70. I love it it is a great car hadles superb and accelerates really nice.
This is a good car IMO but not a GREAT car.  Build quality is disappointing for a car this price, dashboard and door panels rattle.  Unlike other Volvo owners here, my 850 Turbo had little problems under 80K kms.  Handles fairly, stable at high speeds, would be great if you had a sway bar upgrade.  Brakes decent, grip decent, but turbocharged power is addictive!  If you have one, get the ECU + exhaust!!  Then you will start blowing away anything slower then an M3 all day!  Get the 850R and you well be the envy of the neighborhood.Anyway, this is a fun car and also can carry your mother in law with ease.
I have had an 855 Turbo wagon for 4 years, and 40,000 miles.  I have had no significant problems or dealer complaints.  Routine maintanence has cost no more than my old Honda.  Car is very solid but still fun to drive.  I can't believe the very negative reviews I see here are for the same car!
I cannot recommend Volvos anymore because of the lack of company service and support for the vehicles and the delay in obtaining proper parts from the parent company 
For $27,500, this has been a solid performer.  Wife drives a Maxima.  When we go on long trips, the 850 is the road car.  We ran Chicago to Dallas in 13 hours last year, at 85 mph the car just gets into a cruising zone and run all day like that of a BMW.  As with our other previous Volvos, we should be dial up 250K miles in this one also.
You might think this review came out of rage, but it was not.  I was trying to get those words out of my chest for the last 5 years.One of the wrost cars ever drove.  The performance degrades like there is no tomorrow, even with services on time everytime.  No pick-up what so ever.  Even with some track testing, cannot exceed more than 135mph (this car doesn't have the speed limiter and is suppose to go ~150mph).  Interior noise is unaccptable, little crack here little click there and little clinc somewhere else, the entire car sounds like it is gonna fall apart when driving on not so perfect pavement.  The AC broke about 3 times in 2 years, stupid dealer won't warrent the repairs because each visit is right after the warrenty expires.  The oxygen sensor broke couple times, the cooling fan broke once.  Engine so unsmooth even the steering wheel shakes, engine sounds like a truck especially with the trubo charger screams in the background.  Body flex too much, steering is unpricise and slow to quick inputs.In another words, piece of JUNK, can't sell the car now due to depriciation, besides waiting to save some $$$ and wating for the new M3 to debut.Family car! With so much repairs and costs, I cannot afford to have a family!$40K range VOLVO buyers watch out, better look into something else...(AUDI S4, A6 or S6, BMW328, M3 or BMW528, Lincoln LS V8)
This car has been very reliable. Bought in 1998 with 65k.  Runs solid, very few squeaks, rattles, rumbles.  Volvo's build quality is very high, at least with the 740s and 240s.  I've got 96k now and look forward to the next 100k!  Rear wheel drive has always been Volvo's strong point.  Just as they perfected it, they dumped it all to switch to front-wheel drive.  If it ain't broken, don't fix it.  I replaced the turbo at 90k. Previous owner had a lead foot.  Only other repairs: New timing belt at 70k.  Belt broke on freeway.  One of the few cars which can survive a timing belt breakage.  Many others would have major engine damage.  Overdrive relay replaced, shift-interlock relay replaced. Rear fuel pump and master brake master cylinder replaced, probably unnecesarily.  Won't use that mechanic again. Ridiculously fast performance when turbo kicks in.  This old wagon can give Mustangs a run for their money off a green light!  This wagon is about the perfect combo of medium size and roominess.  For longevity, don;t recommend turbos--another moving part to fix. Plenty of comfort for five person family and small dog, with a plethora of storage space.  Who the hell needs a Suburban anyway?  Rear wheel drive has kept me out of more trouble than AWD, Front wheel Drive or 4wd.  Why?  Because I don't go looking  for trouble with a rear-wheel drive car.  Overall this Volvo has been very reliable and has only just reached half of it's life.  I highly recommend this car for families who don't want to climb a ladder to get into an SUV.  What happened to the station wagon?  Highly recommend NOT buying a turbo model.  If you want to be Racer Boy, get a Mustang!  I would avoid the brand new Volvos, and all front wheel drive models.  The 940 is a fine deal (not available new any longer) as is the 740 if you're careful and have your mechanic check it out.  I feel that Volvo broke something that wasn't broken by discontinuing their rearl-wheel drive, highly successful, product line.  They tried several times in the late 80's and early 90's to discontinue the aging 240 series.  Each time there was a public outcry, and they'd run another model year of them.  Finally dropped the 240 in '93 or '94 I think.  The 740/940 are just about the best all-around mid-size wagons. With proper care, the Volvo 4 cylinder in the old 240s and 740s can run well past $200k, even with a turbo.  No wonder customers screamed when they were dropped. Hopefully Volvo has got it right with the new 70 series.  Volvo was always known as a very conservative car maker, who built long-lasting cars.  They were proud of that.  Why they would drop real-wheel drive, their bread and butter, seems to be a bad move in my mind.  Maybe Ford has taken control of their management and is determined to build garbage Volvos to match the garbage Fords they put out! I would not buy another Volvo until they prove their reliabilty with all these radical design changes. Th mid to late 90s FWD models were awful, that's why the major redesing with the 70 series. I heard that their little model is built by Mitsubishi.  Sheesh, I hope not!
! owner car, dealer maintained and had records in glovebox. have owned / operated 2 years. no problem, car is rock solid, have done belts,hoses, fluids replaced with mobil 1, heres the math.  Paid $7000.OO / CAR HAD 84k AND MINT! Original window sticker for $34500.00 in glovebox, I now owe about 3000.00 and car still runs like new. Volvo 940 was refinement pinnacle and most solid car I have owned. (94-95 are last and best years)
This would be a great car if I could keep it away from the dealer. I had an incredible number of (small) problems. All were covered by the warranty, but I had to spend WAY more time than I want at the dealer. Radio problems (3 visits before they changed the amp), electric door-lock (2 visits, no motor the first time), windshield liquid jets (twice), jammed radio antenea, jammed power windows, etc. I've had a squeaky wheel for the past three months and even if parts were changed, the problem is still there. The dealer is polite and they may be trying their best, but I'm getting fed up with the car. The worst part is that I found out that other Volvo owners are experiencing similar problems (one co-worker said they were 'cosmetic' problems) but don't seem to mind.My lease ends in September and I won't get another Volvo. Not now. Not ever. I am going back to a Japanese car, most probably an Acura 3.2 TL Type S.
We bought this car thinking it was good for safety and Machanical reputation, although I am satisfied with the safety of this car but I am not happy with the Machanical problems.  The problems started with this car just after 2 months since we bought the car. First a sensor light started going off on the car.  My wife was driving the car the brakes failed when she was driving on the Freeway she barely made it alive, dealer had to tow the car and kept the car for about 3 weeks because a sensor failed and they had to wait for the part to arrive from Sweden.  Second when you use the turn signal it would blink like there's no tomorrow, the gear shift light failed.  Then we noticed that a headlight sensor went off because the left head light was off and it was on again after a week on its own.  Then while washing the car I notices that there black spots on the alloy wheels.  This car is not worth the money, and I can't wait to get rid of this peace of JUNK.
This is the worst piece of crap I have ever owned.  I can't belive that Volvo has the nerve to put out a car like this.  Ford made a big mistake buying this turkey.  On just one occasion, the dealer had the car for 5 weeks, they finally sent the parts from Sweden to fix it.  The A/C system has been replaced 3 times.  I think a Yugo would have been more reliable. I will never ever buy another Volvo, I would rather walk!
This car may ruin your life! 
Nice car. People I have read review here and they seem to not get it. This is NOT a BMW NOR abig expensive fancy car. You get alot of bang for you buck and a great safe car. I have driven all over the world and BMW and others are lovely but I can not offered there maintence nor they name band snob attitudes. I have had three volvo's can down from XC90 to lease this great car to and love it is just beutiful a real ladies car safe and the turbo is fun. Get the package deal and you will get a excellent car for the $$$. Volvo has now style safty NO more blind spots and added turbo for speed. I hate to say this but American have no idea about speed nor saftey until they drive in europe. The 2009 has only gotten better. I have had BMW and other expensive cars they are costly to fix and maintane. Give this a try people and give the 2009 a try these other review are way old.. PS Lease package is great...
Love it!!! Want a Volvo Convertible when I can get my hands on one!!!!
This is my third Volvo and I am extremely impressed with the fit and finish and overall ownership. I opted for the All Wheel Drive motor with the Dynamic Stability Control and cant say enough on how well it handles Canadian Winters. I find myself in Northern Ontario roads in less the desirable conditions and the S80 outperforms any SUV or 4x4 Truck you might try to compare it to. Volvo for Life.
Was just shopping for a Volvo tonight and chose the 2004 S80 in Black, beautiful. Thank God I came home and read these reviews. Thank you to everyone who has written, sorry for your unfortunate experiences. I will move on to Lexus or Accura.
Traded in my V70AWD 2001 for a 2004 S80Took it back after 53 miles because of a transmission whistle. Dealer was upfront and said they whistle sometimes at various speeds. Liked the car, nice ride, perfect workmanship. Small side mirrors. Great looking quality car. But I went back to a 2004 V70 AWD Wagon.
I currently have a 1999 Volvo S80 T6. This is my forth Volvo and by far my favorite. I now have 64,000 miles on it and it's been trouble free. I did have an emission light come on but it was fixed. The dealer upgraded the software free of charge. Once the software in the 1999 S80 is upgraded this vehicle is awesome. Completely trouble free. I recommend the 1999 Volvo S80 T6 very highly. It's such an enjoyable car to drive and own. Any problems which people have with this car regarding service lights comng on will be resolved with the free software upgrade done at the dealer. As long as the cars under warranty the upgrade is free. This eliminates virtually any concern with the S80. This is the best car you can own!!!
   The S 80 is a unique stylish automobile.  The ride and handling are excellent.  The seating is superb and there is a lot of interior space for passangers and luggage.  The car is designed to be perhaps the safest car on the road.  Many cars do well in a head on accident, they do poorly in a side impact or when hit from behind.  The S80 addresses these issues as no other manufacturer has.     The car is an excellent value for a luxury auto.
A great car for a great price.  Sure beats the hell out of cars like the Lexus ES300.  The Volvo has more room, safety features, better handling, and the cabin is much quieter.
The first real world-class effort from Volvo. It's a pleasure to drive (when running), with distinctive styling and responsive performance.
We bought this car used at the dealer, paid only $32,000 and it was les than a year old. I wish we would have bought the Acura TL, new at around the same price. Too many problems. Nothing major, but my wife depends on this car to take the kids to school, runs errands...too often it has to go into the dealer for fixing annoying problems.If you HAVE to own a Volvo, this is a great looking car. If you have the time to be at the dealer, then this is probably the car for you.I am going this weekend to trade the car in and buy a new Acura TL-I cannot take the fixing any longer and my 50,000 warranty is almost up. When this car is working, it is a fantastic vehicle. It was a bargain at $32,000 compared to the other cars in the same class-but we got what we paid for unfortunately. The oly worse than having the car in the shop for repairs, is having to pay for the quality problems that should not exist in the first place. Get an extended warrantly, or trade it in before the warranty expires.
If you are looking for a luxury car but are on a tight budget this can be a reasonable choice. But beware of reliability problems. Try to buy an extended warranty if possible. Car is less refined than Lexus or the Bavarian front-runners. It shows it's Ford heritage a lot. Many parts that I replaced my self ( bulbs, relays, wipers etc. ) are from the Ford parts bin. A lot of dealers are nowadays offering huge discounts on S-80's. I don't know if it's going to hold it's resale value like the other Volvo models, I got rid of mine ( It was my company car ) but sometimes miss it.
I thankfully got rid of my S80 t6.  I simply loved the car when I got it but it turned into a total piece of crap. Replaced it with a 2001 Lexus LS430. A simply amazing car.This car has been was trailered three times in 30k miles. It has had four software updates in attempts to fix problems. One update was a recall by the factory.History:6Kmi- CD changer broke, 12kmi- Tranmission started slipping. Had to have it replaced. 14kmi- Trim over the roof that forms the rain gutters started to fade and crack, Fuel door hinge broke off, 24kmi- Drive by wire throttle assembly went nuts and had to be replaced. 29kmi- Ignition lock in steering column fell apart. 30kmi- started to have a bad clunking sound. Bushings in front suspension went bad. One of the engine mounts had broken. This was found during the inspection by the Lexus dealer. Fortunatly, they still took the car.    
Might not measure up to BMW 5 series in handling, but price is less - since I'm not going to tear around the back roads, the extra margin in handling is not worth the extra price for me.
I paid $32,000 for a '99 with 20k miles.  I thought it was a great deal until I had to go to the dealer 7 times in five months for problems.  I finally had to get rid of it when the transmission started to break.  I loved everything about the car except for its reliability.  Buy a 2000 model, the engine software is updated and all of the mechanical bugs have been worked out.  I would definitely buy a new S80 but my wife decided to get an SUV instead.  If you are considering a BMW 5 series, Lexus GS, Mercedes E class, or any other sedan, look at the Volvo, it stacks up very well in all aspects except for reliability and I believe Volvo has taken great steps to improve the early models.
A perfect combination of luxury, handling and comfort plus with such a beutiful interior.
Fantastic car with generous space for front and back passengers. Drives beutifully.
This car disappoints due to the number of 'little' problems over the past 2 years. I bought it brand new (right out the showroom doors with 4 miles on it) and have only put 22,000 miles on it. Some of the annoying problems: The driver's side window/mirror/door area developed severe wind noise, audible even under 50 mph and very loud on the highway. After 3 attempts, it's better but not fixed, and I'm told that it's up to 'Volvo standards.' I don't ever want another car that has these kinds of standards. The weather stripping along the bottom of the doors is not adhered so that it comes loose and hangs out of the car with the slightest touch of a foot. With 2 small children and me in and out of the car several times a day, this means the strip is often hanging out of the car door while driving. Volvo says this is a 'design feature' to ensure that the weather stripping doesn't tear! The driver's side one has been replaced twice. Today I had to go to Volvo for a recall on the car's computer and waited two hours for my car. Other problems include a computer that frequently gives ominous false service warnings, which then disappear as mysteriously as they appeared. Volvo shrugs these 'glitches' off, but to me they are unnerving and annoying, especially since the dealer is 30 minutes away. When I called Volvo North America to express my frustration with the car, I was told that I need to be patient and allow them multiple chances to fix these problems; the analogy used by the 'customer-no-service' person was that, if I had a medical condition which was not treated the first time, I would have to make multiple visits to my doctor, no matter how inconvenient. I told them that I don't have a medical condition, I have a Volvo! I'm selling the car and don't plan to buy another Volvo.
THANK GOD for this website!!! I put a deposit on a 2002 today, thought it was a tremendous deal, 5,000 under book value. I did love the car and the looks, the ride was great, but i noticed a slight pulsing whenever i used the brakes. i was told the car had been 'serviced and all was fine'. put a deposit down and called my mechanic to do a once over. honest guy that he is, he said right off the bat 'if they're telling you the car is fine and the brakes are doing that, don't buy the car, it's a sleazy dealership'. I scheduled an appt for a once over anyway, but drove home in my 95 maxima with 99,000 miles on it, and it occurred to me that this car had never had major problems and that i might be better off keeping it for a couple of years. after all, i felt the maxima had it all over the volvo, and it was a much older car! i shook off the feeling of doom and was looking forward to getting the volvo until i pulled up this website. boy, what an eye opener. Needless to say, the dealership did everything they could to talk me into buying this car when i told them i changed my mind and wanted my deposit returned. i felt like i was asking for a divorce, the way they were whining like babies and telling me how silly i was for reading and believing user reviews. i've had great luck with subaru, nissan, and mazda. there's a previous post comparing this car to a ford tempo in regard to reliability. well, i've owned a ford tempo, and it was the absolute worst car i've ever driven. so i will keep my maxima another year or two and look forward to buying an acura tsx, which is the car i really want.
Worst car I have ever owned. Volvo says this is a premium luxury sedan....my a**  Car vibrates horibbly at idle, and Volvos response is..' computer says it's within normal limits'. Like sitting in a seat with a vibrator. Car has a terrible right hand pull. Have had car aligned twice. Ok for about 1000 miles, then the pull slowly comes back to what it was. Wind noise in drivers side window...fixed twice..but still there. The drivers seat cluncks when you excellerate, also fixed..so says Volvo...still cluncks. I would NEVER buy a Vlovo again..When they could not fix it their suggestion was I trade it in on a new one...of course they are only willing to pay half of what it cos new two years ago...20,000 in depreciation in two years.. Jeeze, what a joke.
This car is beautiful. Excellent acceleration and luxury combined with safety make the perfect car. Exterior styling is timeless and clean.
I think they are recalling the cars to fix the problem worldwide, otherwise, this is one of best cars on the market for its price. Fast, comfortable, safe, excellent sound system (opt for the best one with the amp), in fact the best sound system I have ever heard in a stock standard car. Beats my Saab hands down. Also, the in car phone is really one of the best built in ever. Almost a Volvo convert, however, the S40 is no where close, ride was rather bad, ended up with a SAAB. A fantastic car with everyting you would want. 
Not a 'no compromise' vehicle, but a great compromise.  I will keep for several years.
If you want a good looking reliable car, buy a Volvo.Compared to Mercedes and BMW in the same class, it's actually quite cheap.BUY IT!
I love this car but I couldn't recommend it to anyone unless you enjoy spending time in dealerships. My car is an early example, so you expect some birthing problems, but you also expect the manufacturer to step up to the plate and get the problems fixed right.  Volvo's policy seems to be sell it and forget it; it's your problem.
Got the car for $33,150, and had the financing done at dealer. Salesperson was very nice and we had minimal dickering over the price. He knocked it down from $34,950 and included some free stuff. Overall, this is one great car. Just as capable as the competitors, and, although a little different, costs less comparably equiped. It even sells as well as the 5-series!'Nuff said.
This is a great car, except for the reliability factor, and unfortunately that is a big 'but' that makes me cautious about recommending it to others.  Mine is a 1999, so perhaps those early quality bugs have been worked out, but the experiences have soured my opinion of Volvo quite a bit. 
I bought this car used from a Volvo dealer.  After 8 months of ownership I am rethinking my purchase and may get rid of it.  I am unhappy with the performance of the vehicle I own.  If I had known (i.e. done a bit of research before buying the car) about the reliability problems in the '99s I would have made a different decision.
I DO NOT SUGGEST THE 1999 S80, Maybe I got a lemon but from what I have read above seems like similar problems.  Going to buy another Toyota!!  Have had my 4Runner since 1997, never seen the shop! except oil of course. :)
I absolutely love this car!!  I have had no problems and the car acclerates very quickly but very smoothly with the twin turbos.  Inside the cabin is very roomy and outside the brakes are extremely quick.  My friend drove the car and he thought it stopped better than his BMW.
Great on looks, room and comfort. However, pampered this machine only to be treated with a bad AC hose and evaporater in the middle summer. But to top it off @ 23,000 miles it is now in the shop for a new transmission. My third Volvo and my last (AC problems with the other two as well a 740GLE and a 960).
'Buyers remorse' is an understatement... After being a Volvo owner for 14 years (1987 240 GL - 140,000 miles when i sold it, which is still on the road), I bought the S80 expecting to have the same experience. Instead the motor mounts were replaced before the car had 25,000 miles- then went a few sensors, lots of brake pads, the suspension system- front & back- was replaced to varying degrees 3 times before being completely replaced front & back, the springs between the suspension system, frame & engine (more infor than I can put here) and shocks. Then the steering rack went- actually WENT while I was making a right turn, steering wheel just kept turning like a pinwheel!!! Had to have it towed in, again. They pulled the steering cloumn and said it was OK!!! Same guys who couldn't get the suspension problem right the 1 or 2nd time. I insisted they drive it to diagnose it and after a test drive the mechanic said: 'it acted like it had a mind of it's own' when he tried to turn the corner. Throw in 16 mpg to the gallon when it's cold outside (compared to 22 mpg in the summer), lurching RPM's when the air-conditioner is on and countless light bulbs - least of which cost $16.00 and I'm a pretty unhappy camper.   	Actually had to get a Lemon Law laywer and file under the Federal Warranty Statutes to try to get some restution for the diminished value of the vehicle because of all these problems. The General Sales manager suggested it after I suggested (again) they buy me out and put me into a safe car... something still in negotiations. I was told that 'Volvo just went in another direction, more high tech and overextended themselves, it has nothing to do with Ford being involved.'  I had an F150 (another bad review for another time)- so I'm not reassured at all... If it isn't a FORD and it certainly isn't a Volvo... not sure what it is... I was told after the car has 60,000 miles it becomes a repair sponge. That I believe....
The doors seem light and flimsy when compared to earlier Volvo's from 1999 and earlier. It lacks the infamous solid sturdy safe Volvo feel. The electronic controls for the 8-way adjustable front seats stopped working. The turn signal lever and controls stopped working and had to be replaced. The throttle body had to be replaced. An engine mount cracked. The transmission died at 47,000 miles. It left my wife stranded when it only had 47k miles. Unfortunately it was out of warranty and the Volvo dealer where we purchased the car told us that it would cost $4,330 for another transmission. We sent a letter to Volvo and they basically told us to buzz off. A copy of the letter from Volvo can be found here: http://www.the-engineers-garage.com/volvo.jpg  It didn't seem to hold up to it's estimated blue book value. We couldn't sell it and wound up giving it to Carmax for a low price. Who would want a relatively low mileage Volvo with a rebuilt transmission?
I am frightened by what lies ahead! Now at 70K miles I think I have had every major system collapse on this car short of the transmission and I hate mentioning that. Just as the others note the variety of failures in this car is mind boggling. Front and rear struts penetrations/breakage, broken/worn brushings, broken anti roll bars, cracks in all engine mounts, radiator leak and replacement, sunroof motor and gears stipped out/replaced, replaced throttle sensor, oxygen sensors x 2 for failures, gas gauge and float broke so I ran out of gas on highway while gauge shows 1/4 tank left (Fun!) and so many light bulbs I lost count (@$16.00 a piece). Brake pads 3 times in 70K miles. Punishing! Last repair bill was $3583.00. To date I have spent over $9000 on maintainence and repairs. This figure DOES NOT include several repairs under warranty which were many and the recalls. Averaging about $250/month of ownership in repairs. Have only owned Toyotas and Volvos in past and never had this much trouble with any of those vehicles. Comfortable seats and a nice finish just dont' make up for all the troubles. Bad year, bad model, bad car. Avoid at all costs. I know these comments will hurt the resale value of all s80's not just mine but I gotta be honest here...
Love this car. Smooth acceleration = 200 hp lpt. 5 speed automatic shifts perfect. Good fuel perfomance as 30.5mpg at highway running. Exchanged this one from a V70xc my 2000. Im glad I did it. Volvo has improved a lot from earlier my as 2000.
Wow, I am amazed at what some people have said about the S80! It is simply the best car I have ever owned. I have had it for 1.5 years, the car has 30k miles on it, and has not seen a dealership or repair shop since I took delivery.     The way the car drives and handles is simply amazing for such a large vehicle. I don't hesitate to say the S80s suspension grips corners better than my Audi TT roadster. It seems to just glide at 80mph+... the twin turbo 6 never runs out of power and the steering and pedal feel are very solid and responsive. I highly reccomend this car to anyone shopping for a high end performance sedan.
It's well known that there have been problems with the first Volvo S80's, particularly those manufactured during the model years 1999 and 2000. Now, however, Volvo seems to have been able to sort out these inconveniences and produce an excellent car.   My S80 T6 is a true dream to drive. It's road comfort and handling are superb, the engine very responsive and quiet, the interior well designed and nice to look at.   The only problems I had with it after about 22k miles are the following: battery changed after 1.5 years, some noise from the transmission that made me decide to have it towed to my dealership: checked and fixed it under warranty (no major issue, only some rust because it has been standing for a long period of time)
Oh, How disappointed were we in owning this car. We proudly show it because it looks great coming or going. Looks is all it has. We have own it less than a year and are planning on selling it soon. During the year its been in the shop numerouse times, Transmission had some solenoid valves replaced then back the same day we picked up for the transmission again. Stranded on the road both times. In the shop again for motor mounts, apparently they don't install steal washers on the bushings at the factory (they are expected to go bad after the warrenty ends) There is a trouble light for a bulb that is out but they can't find which one, The Brake indicator goes off on sharp turns but the fluid level is fine. Hard turns to the left results in a noise that I am told are bumpers of some kind and that they are a wear item, ( I can look forward to replacing them once a year, they only cost $50 but the labor more.) Lastly the 17' rims promote tire distruction, after discover a flat the techs always tell me that since I drove on the flat in creased the side walls, new tire $230, so far I have bought two. The keyless entry are finicky, sometimes they work from a distance other times I must walk out of my house to set the alarm. I am just tire of owning it. Thank Goodness it looks good, its my only link to not feeling foolish about buying it.
Awesome car. Kick ass power in the T-6 turbocharged engine. It is scary at times since I have a heavy foot.     I have had 2 problems to-date. Lugs that rusted (Replaced at no charge) and a trunk lock that malfunctioned (replaced at no charge).    Otherwise, it has been an awesome driving machine. It tracks like a railroad car especially in snow and sloppy conditions. Granted, you have to learn to drive the car with it's SRS and anti lock braking system. But once you do there's no going back to a non computer comtrolled auto.     I am going to buy or lease another S80 (2003) this month for my wife's X-mas gift.
Great styling, extremely comfortable both in town and long trips. All controls and gauges are easy to reach or read. Stereo system is awesome. Handles well in corners, although steering could be tighter. I drive a lot - 23000 miles in 14 months. Wish they could get a reliable transmission and overcome the lighting problems that have plagued Volvo for so long. Our dealer is great, but we are getting tired of going every almost monthly for warranty work.
A fabulously comfortable car with a silky smooth, powerful drive train.  Safety, good looks, performance and a highly competitive price.  Volvo has a true winning combination in this car.  It should have very broad appeal to those in the price range.    I've read all the stories of problems, especially with the 1999's.  By 2001, Volvo seems to have worked the bugs out.  My only need for service so far is an odd one:  sometimes when I put the shift lever in reverse, the indicator lights for reverse and the Geartronic 'manual' blink in an alternating pattern.  however, there is no impact on performance.    Before buying this car, I had decided that my searching would be limited to FWD or AWD, inasmuch as I live in New England.  For 8 years, I've been driving a Volvo 850, which has been a dynamite car.  This might have predisposed me to the S80, but I was more influenced by two of my partners, who have had 2000 T6's and coiuldn't be happier, and by my comparison shopping.  Only the Acura RL 3.5 came close in terms of comfort, responsiveness, roominess and value.  The A6 2.7T was also a contender, but I could not close the price gap and did not like its interior fittings or exterior styling as much.  Also, the T6 had noticeably smoother acceleration.  Steering on the A6 was a bit tighter than than the T6, though, which I liked.  The Audi dealer, however, could not hold a candle to my Volvo dealer, which I know well from my other car.      To get FWD from lexus or Infinity, you're stuck at their entry level cars, which are no match for the S80, A6 or RL.  The Lincoln LS was a reasonable candidate when I drove it, and the price attractive, but there are already reports of them not holding up and I tend to keep my cars a while.    Note that I purchased the car used, with 6 mo. on it from someone who decided he should have bought a Mercedes, after all. Hence the price was a couple grand lower than one could expect on a new car.
The S80 T6 is a great value.  The cabin is spacious, functional, elegant and beautifully appointed.  The engine is smooth, responsive and very able to humble other cars popularly perceived to be faster. (Yes, I mean German cars.) In higways, back roads or city driving the car is nothing short of pure unrentless pleasure. The next best thing to being the driver is to be a passenger. Nothing in it is frivolous. Yet no comfort is lacking. The seats are better than in any German car I have owned. They cradle you so comfortably that you are not fatigued when you reach your destination after hours of driving. As a passenger, the difficult thing is not to fall asleep in this exceptionally tight, smooth and quiet machine. The sensation is akin to being in a jet powered aircraft, on British Airways...somewhere between business and first class. As a driver the only disappointment is arriving at your destination.  
We looked at the BMW 5,and the X5. We decided on the 2001 S80. We absolutely love it. We have no regrets. Runs flawlessly. Ride and handling unparrelled. No problems. Dealer was a class act. The car is a head turner for sure, it gets noticed ! Comfortable and classy. I was reluctant to stray from BMW but have no regrets. 
This car is simply amazing, I sat down in it for the first time and knew I wanted the S80, then I drove it. Wow! That says it all. That was a year ago and I still feel the same way, I bought the car becuase of its looks, comfort and performance. But I got so much more, It is hands down THE safest car on the road. Volvo has a name for reliability... It has the best sound system I have ever heard and it drives and performs great. If you are looking to buy or lease the S80, LS430, E430, or 540... the S80 would be my pick. Hell, its a lot better than my '96 BMW 740il... :) 
A nice car, great design, and nice to drive over all.I´m so happy there´s no tempo-limit on a german 'Autobahn', so especially at night you could easily reach the max.-speed of around 130 mph.And if you are not used to those large-engined cars from the US (4litres+) you are quite satisfied with the acceleration.Great comfort: wonderful seats, especially in front; low noise-level, even at high speeds (100+ mph).All in all perhaps the best car for such a low price....perhaps with the recent fuel-prices one of the strong Diesels would even be better (also better acceleration)!
This is a great all around car, I have done extensive reserch into the 1999 model year, and since that was a first year for the S80, and also the year ford took over most of volvo there were great distractions in getting the recalls fixed and taken care of, this is at least my teory on this problem. But in 2000 there have so far been no recalls and 2001 as well. But my 2001 executive edition is the best car I have ever owned, and I have either owned or driven each of the cars listed above, it is by far the best out of all of them except for the BMW 740, just because it is larger and is far more expensive. I can easily reccomend the S80 to any one looking in the $40,000-$60,000 luxury range!
Dangerous 2000 Volvo S80 I purchased my 2000 S80 less than a year ago. It has been in the shop for warranty-related problems 14 times. I feel like a Volvo hypochondriac but my latest problem truly threatens my safety. Read my story and you'll agree I 'picked the short stick' when buying my Volvo. We'll start from the beginning. The first 8 visits were due to a persistent low frequency 'buzz' in the speakers. The problem never got fixed, so I now just live with it. Next, the front passenger carpet, which receives absolutely no wear, started coming 'unglued' and shedding from the meshed backing. It got replaced. To follow was right front suspension noise. But since my serial # did not match the recall lot, I was sent home without any explanation for the noise. I still occasionally hear it going over small bumps. Finally, I have taken the car in 4 times over the last month because it has acceleration problems. I live on a very busy street and when I pull onto it, my S80 lurches and loses power. At first, the dealer performed a 'software upgrade'. He assured me that this fixed the problem. It only got worse. I returned even more concerned about my safety and driving my car on busy streets. The O2 regulator??? was then changed. I was told that my service advisor had driven the car home and that it was running perfect. In fact, I was told it was the smoothest running turbo they had driven. Well, over the next few days, the problem only worsened (maybe my car is allergic to me). At this point, I lost my normally controlled temper and insisted that the problem be fixed. I was truly worried about my safety. Well, after having the car for a week and changing the 'throttle control module', the dealer told me the car was running perfectly. Though I was skeptical , I drove to the dealer to get my S80. As I pulled off the dealer's lot onto a very busy highway, the car lurched, backfired, and stalled. The on-coming traffic had to quickly stop and I was almost broad-sided on my passenger side. I quickly got out of my car and pushed it off to the shoulder of the highway. No more! It is ironic that my experience as a trauma surgeon prompted me to buy the Volvo for its safety, now I am afraid to drive it. I now have two lawyers helping me get a safe car. Stay tuned... 
Volvo's flagship sedan is incredible, built to near perfection.  I have never been in such a smoothe, quiet car.  The only gripe is very weak power steering, but it is not a big deal.  Recommended HIGHLY to anyone looking for a luxury car.
This car is tough to beat.  It comes loaded with options and is very well built.  If speed and handing are all that you are concerned with, get a BMW 5 series. But for those who want an all around sporty luxury sedan, this is it.  Volvo really has thought of just about everything in this car.  The seats, air conditioning, and stereo are just about as good as I have experienced under $100,000. 
$41,000 Military sales price in Germany.  All options except the navigation system.  I would recommend this car to anyone.  The T6 is needed in Europe, possible not in the U.S.  Sorry, hey I didn't make the ridiculous speed limits.  
Have enjoyed the car for 9 months and have had no troubles.  Good handling, quiet cabin and an excellent stereo.  Great family car with impressive looks.  Paid $36,420 for a 2.9 with most all options including the Arakkis rims, which look great!  Negotiated the deal over the phone with Brentwood Volvo in St. Louis.  Very easy transaction and they threw in a nice pinstripe job at no charge.  
The car offers a tremendous value compared to other cars; in fact, for the money, you won't find another car comparable to it. It is solid, powerful, quiet and comfortable--the absolute best car for long road trips I've ever owned (I almost hate for a trip to end). I've created a COMPREHENSIVE Internet club for S80 enthusiasts or those intereste in buying this car - Club S80 International. It offers hundreds of links to online information and products for the S80, plus general and technical information to help new owners get the most from this high-tech car. The website also offers space for owners to post photographs and to document, centrally, any problems, issues or questions they have with their S80, to compare notes with other owners. If their is something you are not sure about, post a question, and some other owner will be able to offer insights and advice.Visit the club at http://clubs.lycos.com/live/Directory/CommunityHome.asp?CG=68aali2dfna1380n004cf293tg and if you like what you see, click 'join this club' to get the full benefits of membership (including special discounts from online sellers of parts, accessories and maintenance/care products). Note: the club is strictly non-commercial, run by and for S80 enthusiasts. Personal privacy of the members is assured.
This Car is DEFINITELY the WORST car I have ever owned.  Not 30 minutes after I drove the car off the lot, I received a call asking me to bring the car back in so the Emission Control Sensor and EVAP system can be replaced.  Problems continued from there.  I've had the car cut off a time or 2, continued emmission indicator lights, very high emission exhaust results, Mass Air Flow filters changed, ball joint recall replacement(car drives less smooth after replacement and the turning radius was shot),brake pad replaced at 30K miles, cold start problems when starting car in the morning, acceleration problems consistantly, brakes just stopped working but of course worked fine at the service center. I can't count the number of software downloads this car has seen.  I have visited my newfound friends at the volve dealership almost every 2 weeks for the last 7-8 months.  Strangely, Volvo NA just got involved after months of continous visits to the dealership, their solution is to buy my car back for $12K less than I paid 12 months ago and grasiously sale me a new S80 at invoice.  I can't believe that they would let me drive this car with the safety problems I've witnessed.  They don't seem to care!!
This is the fifth Volvo I have owned over the past 14 years. I have always been a real Volvo advocate due to the safety, style, and comfort of their cars.  This particular vehicle, the 2000 S80, was great the first year.  No significant problems.  I began experiencing issues at approximately 17-18 months, at which time the engine 'shutdown' while driving 30-40 miles per hour.  The mass air flow meter was changed and it was assumed that the vehicle would be fine.  Only 4,500 miles later, it 'shutdown' yet a second time. Even though the Volvo Technical personnel were called in to try to ascertain and get the problem to duplicate, they were unsuccessful. I was asked to pick up my vehicle with no repairs being performed because they were unsuccessful in identifying this intermittent issue on their diagnostic equipment.  I have refused to pick the car up and am now engaged in active communication with the NHSTA, Center for Auto Safety, Volvo, and the Attorney General's office.  I have found at least six additional complaints filed by customers on two Websites (NHSTA and Carreview.com).  It is unfortunate that after many long years of driving Volvos that I no longer feel safe in this particular car.  How frightening these instances would have been happening in the middle of an interstate at 55 mph and no where to go.  We were fortunate that they occurred driving into a parking garage and on a country road.  I refuse to take the car back at this time with no assurance and comfort that this will not happen yet a third time.  How ironic the safety of Volvo vehicles is so widely acclaimed and publicized on their air bag and restraint system....yet as a customer, you can't feel safe that the engine will not stop in busy traffic.  Who cares about a great safety system if you can not keep the engine running and you risk your life and safety by driving.  Several additional more minor problems have occurred as well on the vehicle....front headlights burning out, brakes needed replacement at 18,000 miles and the lower ball jint assembly recall repair.  Have also had several lights (Check Engine and Emissions Systems Service Message) that have come on at times.  I have had this car in the garage more than all my other Volvos combined.
Generally satisfied with the overall car. Have concerns about reliability and Volvo Service and support. Interior is exquisite and very comfortable. Upgraded stereo sounds great. Wheels are very hard to clean. Fast enough, don't need the T6 unless you are in Germany. Always in the shop for reliability problems.
Decent automobile.  Very nice looking -- especially black.  Not many problems.  We are taking it on a road trip from Ohio to California and back soon.  I'll report back.
I love driving my T6 as long as it works. I spend 4-6 hours a day driving it and it doesn't make my back hurt at all, something other cars do. The performance is very good. Love to see the face of BMW-drivers when the big, boxy Volvo leaves them in the dust. Top speed is more than enough and the tourque in the engine makes it possible to tow heavy load without any major problems.It's a good car but some units have had a lot of problem and that makes dissapointed owners.If you plan to buy a S80 do a lot of research, talk to the dealer, talk to the mechanics and talk to other owners. If you are unlucky, you might end up with a car like mine and you will most likely regret your choice.
A very safe and fun to ride car. It is hard not to fall in love with it, especially when you see heads turned after it. A good price/value.I didn't have any of the reliability problems I am reading here about and that is maybe because is a 2000 version of S80 2.9L.
An excellent blend of power/comfort/ecomony.  The styling is unique, the seats are the best I've ever sat in.  Rear passenger room is superior.  My teenage Son enjoys the pillar mounted air vents, individual reading lights, 12v outlet for his CD and games and rear seat cup holders for his drinks.  
I have put over 25,000 miles on my 2000 T-6, and still love to jump in and drive away in the morning, best seats in the industry! For all the talk about reliability issues, my experience has been wonderful, both with the car's total lack of major isues/problems and the dealer's expertise in taking care of minor ones (Volvo of Cerritos, ask for Wes).The twin turbo engine is absolutely exilarating from a standstill, as long as you remember to grab that steering wheel real good (the torque steer can be a bit disconcerting at first, but you get used to it quickly). The car is a great ride (did I mention the obscenely comfortable seats?), firm but supple and very quiet, except for a bit of tire noise from the 'upgraded' 17' Michelins. However, the larger rims really help in cornering, and the suspensions are not too bad for a large sedan like this. And the brakes are just amazingly strong, but you will have to get used to hem when parking in the garage, especially if you are used to the spongy feel of most American cars.I experienced none of the transmission problems a lot of 1999's owners are complaining about. The shifts are smooth, and the geartronic feature is fun down Malibu Canyon or Mulholland Drive.I have never heard a sound system sounding as good as the upgraded, Dolby Pro-Logic CD changer stereo in this car. The dual zone climate control is completely idiot-proof, I don't think I have touched it once since purchasing my car and hitting the 'Auto' button. Some reviews talk abou the interior design being 'stark', but I think it is extremely elegant and understated. Even the fake wood looks great.Finally, I get excellent gas mileage (ranging betwen 20 to 22 city/hwy mix) and with a 21-gal + tank I don't have to stop to refuel very often. The trunk is huge, too bad that the opening is a bit to narrow. Also, I've driven a Lexus with Xenon headlight and don't understand why Volvo will not offer this eature, even as an option.For the money, I cannot think of another car on the road that offers the kind of looks, roominess, performance and luxury of the S80, particularly the T-6 model. My car has also been completely trouble-free so far, far better than my wife's 1-year old C-Class Mercedes. This is a world-class automobile.
This car does not meet its claim to be safe. The engine of my car stopped while the car was in motion. You know waht because of the safety features of the automatic gear box you can not reignite the engine unless you put the gear to neutral or parking. Imagine a bicyle like car suddenly becomes an army tank. It was fixed several times but I have not had thesame problem for abot 6 months. I have not been explained how thex fixed it. One day the temperature went too high suddenly and tphe cooling water was rurring all over. Courtesy of the service they fixed it free of charge. Power steering is unreliable and moody. Works fine one day but the next day it is hard to turn the wheel especially when making long turns. The annoying mechanical noise from the engine is unbearable. They replaced the trigger belt and billiards but no chance. Volvo people say they can not get rid of that noise and confess that it is a porblem bt their car's safety features is the most important. The noise becomes so annoying and disturbing that on can not drive it in pleasure. They do not care much about the noise. My car spent a lot of time with the service last summer and I hav served Volvo legal notices for return of my money. It is quick and spacious with several amenities but these continuous problems make it unattractive. 
Roomy, comfortable, great family car, beautiful inside and out, great stereo.  Handling and ride are good to excellent. Seats are exquisitely comfortable and supportive. Gas mileage is ok in town, excellent on trips.  Interior ergonomics are super, including the stereo controls which have gotten some bad press but are fine once you get used to them. I haven't experienced any reliability problems, although I only have 18,000 miles on the car.
Needeed more space than Lexus coupe provided, and safety was an issue.  Excellent dealer service through the entire process.  Car has broken the traditional Volvo styling mold, as most clients express disbelief it is a Volvo, usually mistaking it for a BMW from the side.  Highly recommend consideration when looking at BMW, Lincoln or Lexus.
This is the most sumputous car we have owned...performance, style, comfort, safety -- all of a very high order. Jim Fisher Volvo an exemplary dealership -- sales & service. Paid $44,000 @ Goteborg w/almost all of the bells & whistles.
This car is a wonderfull machine! As motor trend says, 'few cars can match' and 'it works in extreme harmony.' This car has can ever want. saftey, reliability, reasonable price, luxury, race car-like feel, etc..... I would choose this car is looking in the luxury field.
In my judgment, Volvo has done an excellent job of providing a near perfect balance between comfort, handling and performance. I'm past the age of racing (though I don't hesitate to use its power to pass others or get into the flow of traffic effortlessly on the freeway), so the torque steer is not an issue. And, I don't want a car that is noisey or stiff-riding. The often-praised 'feel for the road' of a BMW translates into less comfort than I now demand. The S80 fits my needs as a luxury car but one that is not boring and bland. I think when you compare it with the 528, LS400 or E320, you have to conclude that you get MUCH more for your money in the S80. Reliability of the 1999's was not so good, but our 2000 has had only a couple of minor flaws that were corrected. For such a complex vehicle, it has been very reliable. I don't think you can expect perfection today in any car. If you want the MOST reliable car, you probably should consider the LS400, but you will be missing out on the excitement of the S80.
This Volvo has to be the worst car I have ever had. I am taking it in for warranty work at least every three months. My warranty runs out in about 10k miles and I will be sure to get rid of it before and never to purchase another Volvo again. The problems have ranged from numerous oil leaks, broken strut, broken strut cover, engine mount problems, side running lights that fell out and chirping in the glove box that took the dealer over 1.5 years to finally fix after taking it in 7 times for the same chirp. I have even called Volvo of North America headquarters to express my dissatisfaction. They could have cared less about my concerns and did nothing to address them. I guess they sell enough cars, that customer service is not important to them.
this car is the most over-priced vehicle i have ever owned. i have had repeated quality problems, admittedly mostly with minor things: knobs that fall off, lights that don't work, etc. the seat memory has never worked, despite it being replaced several times. the remote keyless entry only works within about 3 feet of the car (and yes, i've checked the batteries). it has more stupid defects than any car i have been in, and for the price, i expected more than a fancy looking taurus. guess that's what i should expect since ford bought volvo!
Well, this wasn’t the first Volvo we had purchased and I think this is a definite pattern with Volvos, when you buy them you know what your going to get, reliability, performance and value for money. The S80 is one of the best saloon cars available in the middle/high range price bracket. It combines a whole host of great luxuries with more gadgets than the stars on the US flag. I have the leather seats which are a must, we’ve done 27,000 miles in our S80 and one trip has included a 1300 mile holiday around the east of France which not an uncomfortable mile was inhabited. The 2.4 litre is a little bit under powered and off the mark it needs a big push. We had the optional Satellite Navigation fitted, which is a real sweet bit of kit, it is excellently placed and positioned on the front dash and pops up out of the dash when required a sort of James Bond thing. BMW and other car manufactures seem to be placing the screen in the area you would have your air conditioning system controls which to me seems very dangerous as when you looking down your incidentally not watching the road for other cars or people, well done Volvo for the innovative feature. The system is relatively easy to use and the voice commands are clear and easy and sometimes rather humorous with things including a lisp in his vocals when he says the number 2. It has made our trustworthy map redundant and has been easily more useful than the map could ever be.    The car is a big one with more than ample room for tall people and can seat 5 comfortably. The boot is very deep and practical for luggage and everyday shopping. The car is very stylish with a new Volvo image portraying safety with looks, the main competitors are BMW, Mercedes and Jaguar which I personally feel are not as good in all department as the S80. The problem with the S80s size is its turning circle, do you remember the days when learning to drive you had to practice the 3 Point Turn, well in the S80 3 Point Turns don’t exist usually about 6 or 7 is more realistic. The S80 has good MPG for a car of its size and I’m not complaining.     It’s a very good steady drive and definitely one to consider if you do hundreds of miles and you want first class travel and safety.
I Cant wait until August of 2003,this is when my lease is up on the worst car I have ever owned.   I have had many problems with my S80 T6  with only 22000 miles of easy driving.  The Engine mounts replaced,Front axle replaced,Ball joints replaced 2 times ,  power steering pump replaced,front light bulbs replaced 4 times,side directional light socket and housing replaced both sides.Front tires wore out .   The car feels that it is all over the road at speeds above 70 mph.   I also have a Nissian Altima that I paid  under 20000 for that has a much better ride then this 40000 piece of garbage.   I would never buy a Volvo again.Only 6 months left and counting on the lease.
We've had a lot of problems with this car! If we're not changing light bulbs, it's power steering pump problems or suspension and recently transmision. The car has 41,000 miles and is still under warrenty, THANK GOD. When it's running it's a dream to drive. The car handles well and stops on a dime. It's definately a luxurious car and very comfortable on long road trips. If you purchase this car, make sure you purchase the $2,350.00 extended warrenty so your covered for 100,000 miles, YOU'LL NEED IT!
Have been plagued by trouble with this car-bought new, take it in like a baby for maintenance. Be careful when choosing yours-maybe wait until all the bugs have been worked out of this model.
VOLVO has done it again! Man, what a ride.We have the non-turbo model,wich I would suggest.When you Buy a Turbo- look at the mileage and double it,Thats about how many miles are on the engine.The 2.9 has more than enough power and acceleration.Although we bought ours used, It was pre-owned Certified,100,000 mile bumper to bumper warranty.
If the car was reliabe I would love it! However, it has had so many problems I feel very uncomfortable driving it. I hear a loud sucking noise headed for my wallet every time I get behind the wheel! I have 4 other cars (including a 1972 MG) and any of them is twice as dependable as this car. I purchased it with 58,000 miles. It now has 64,000 miles. For a few dollars more I could have had another BMW 5 series...and should have
I have recently sworn off buying a new car. In the 15 years I have been driving I have had 8 cars so why pay the premium when I can get a used car with plenty of warranty left. I bought the S80 T-6 and so far couldn't be happier, I love the power and occaionally using the manual clutchless shifter. The cabin both front and back are exceptionally comfortable and the sound system is great. I found the ride superior to both the BMW 530 and the lexus GS and light years ahead of the 2003 Acura TL. I haven't owned the car long enough to tell if the mechanical flaws I here about are a problem, but with the $10,000 I saved over a BMW of the same year and quality, I bought a service contract and extended warranty for a few hundred dollars.
This on a 2004 S80: beautiful, very nice car. Dealer delivered a perfect car as they should have. Did NOT get: Turbo, AWD or 'Dynamic' traction control. Mechanic mentioned that I avoided several potential trouble spots. Quite adequate acceleration, if you want more, drop into third. I will put Blizzaks on it for winter driving, In Minneapolis I do not need AWD.
Whoa what a piece of crap. I will never buy another Volvo ever and this thing chased me off of buying any sort of luxury vehicle. Help yourself out and don't look towards Volvo for a vehicle. I have been a million times happier not owning it.
I have been anticipating the arrival of this vehicle for months now and finally got to test drive it last night. It did not disappoint. It is a well thought out SUV with a lot of leg room in the front and back. The cargo space is very generous. I drove the T6, it has plenty of power. The interior is laid out very nicely. The leather was beautiful. The interior was graphite in color and it was very impressive. I loved the silver accents in the vehicle as well. This SUV felt very solid on the road and drove very much like a car. It was smooth and pleasurable to drive. Looks great with the 18' tires. It is actually a bit bigger in overall size than my Jeep GC. I have ordered one and can't wait to get rid of my 5 month old Jeep GC.
A nice car that seems to be about $10,000-$15,000 cheaper than a full size BMW or Mercedes. Ride quality is good, yet the suspension is not heavy duty. I bought a non-turbo with lots of options as I thought the suspension and the extra power didn't match. Having driven other Volvo Turbos, one problem is that they lack low-end power and feel sluggish at lower speeds.     Has a safe Volvo feel to it.  I have not had any mechanical problems. Reading this board, I get the feeling that the 1999-2000 models were a disaster. Based on my informal inquiries, it appears that things have gotten better.    Since I am not a performance guy, the extra $15,000 for a BMW 525 or an E-Class didn't seem worth it. I wouldn't argue with any who went this route.    By the way, I like the Acura's, the Lexus', and the Infinity's--the seem to lack character, but there are very few problems. For a little more $, I guess I could have bought a screaming Q45.
One of the most comfortable long distance cars I have driven. As always, the compromise of handling and comfort is a personal preference. On test I tried an S80 with low profile tyres which transforms the car to give impressive cornering power but opted to buy with normal tyres to improve cruising comfort. The compromise suits me perfectly, it will still corner very well on the normal tyres but you do need to watch out for strange behaviour under harsh acceleration whilst cornering. It is probably a function of the traction control but ocasionally you lose all sense of what the front wheels are doing. That aside it reponds very well to being hustled along, it always feels composed over rough surfaces even when cornering or braking. The brakes are the best I have ever used - powerful, progressive and confidence inspiring wet or dry.    Overall the S80 is a brilliant car, underated by most people who are blinkered into BMW or Mercedes. I nearly opted for the Merc E class but model for model it was no where near as good as the Volvo - that came as a big surprise! The new Mercedes E class is probably worth looking at though.    Mine is a D5 but that certainly should not be confused with slow and noisy. Yes you can sometimes tell it is a diesel but 43mpg average makes up for that at English fuel prices. I certainly never get left behind in traffic and it will show over 130mph on the speedometer without any straining. Legal 100mph cruising in Germany is effortless, relaxed and quiet - and you still get 36mpg at 100mph!    Perhaps not a car with the best image but it is one of the best grown-ups' cars on the road.
All I can say is I cant wait soon enought  for my lease to end.The car has had serious problems from the start.   The following has been replaced all under  17000 miles.  Power steering pump and hose,Anti roll bar  front 2 sides,upper torque mounting bushings,torque arm bushing replaced,Engine mounts,Ball joints,steering arm,front wheel spindle,Axle shaft,steering knuck,side directional light fell off.
I really can't believe some of the reviews that I have read. My Volvo is a dream. Fast accelaration, great steering, comfortable seats and awesome sound system. My previous car was a Audi and I was going to purchase a new A6 Turbo but went with the Volvo instead because of the interior elements.
Best seats in this class. Being 6'6', this is the most confortable I have ever been in a car. You second car will be the dealer courtesy car. Mine is a weird yellow S40.
Comfortable. This car is at the top of the food chain. Very few cars  can keep up on long highway drives. I have received a couple of   speeding tickets which is unusual for me. The S80 begs to be   driven at excessive speed. Great passing car.
My practice is to purchase corporate leased vehicles at two years. I purchased Volvo Certified 2000 S80 T6 at two years because of Volvo safety records - Previous Saab/Mitsubishi owner. In two short years and 
The car is just OK. Bought it in 2003 used at around 50K miles. It was great to drive, exceptional handling, smooth ride, etc. Many really weird problems came afterwards. My front right tire blew out on the highway, which was quite frightening. Dealer took it in, fixed it and apologized profusely plus took off labor costs. Since then, however, my I have had it replaced 2 times because the tire 'catches' (more appropriately skids) on dry roads. Second, the computer has a weird problem of messages randomly popping up and disappearing. While this is helpful, it's annoying to know while I'm driving 4 hours that my airbag might have a problem, and when I reach my destination the message just disappears. At 75K my alternator died. Replaced and soon after at around 77500 I took in a new battery. One minor but comical problem that happened: I put a Big Gulp on the cupholder and while going over a bump, the cupholder broke apart (Big Gulp spilling everywhere on the nice leather seats) and was deemed unfixable by the dealership. I didn't even really care but its funny that Volvo designed such an elaborate feature that it couldn't be fixed. Since then, the car has had no more problems (knocks and raps on wood) but the computer problems still appear and with this computer approaching 100K, I'm afraid the electronics will start failing. But nontheless, the car is mediocre.
I have had a lot of trouble with electonic/computer problems and with dealers inability to diagnose including engine surging,battery problems, antenna rings and immobiliser. These problems began shortly after it went out of warranty which have so far cost more than $2000 and innumeral trips to the dealer.I only drive about 6000 miles per year.
This is by far the worst car we have ever owned. I was looking for info b/c I had never heard of the parts they wanted to replace. We've replaced the entire emission system and had numerous computer problems. Between my husband and my families we've owned 5 Volvo's prior to this one. They all made it over 200k w/o problem. This one started having problems before 50k. I wish I had known about this website sooner.   Replaced it with a Toyota Highlander 6 months ago and haven't had a visit to the shop yet.
I'm ready to make a sign and picket Volvo (or Ford). What a piece of garbage. I thought I was buying luxury - but it turned out I was just buying problems. New transmission at 20K, numerous electical problems, everything wears out way before it should; stut mounts, sway bar links (twice in 30,000 mi); bushings; engine chugs, chugs, chugs before it starts every fall and winter; shocks; I can go on and on...    Wish I new about this web site before I bought it.    DON'T BUY A VOLVO!
I bought this car used based on Volvo's reputation - without reading reviews. This turned out to be one of the biggest mistakes I made. Bought the car the in April with 54K miles on it. Upon acceleration, there is a thump on the driver's seat & steering. Very rough idling with AC on. Emissions service required light came on after 3 weeks of driving. Dealer replaced module for $800 and light came back after a day. Called dealer and was told to open gas cap and close tightly and light should go off in a couple of days which it did. Could have told me that the first time instead of costing me an unnecessay $800 since the idling is still rough. Headlight bulbs burn out evry 2-3 months. While parked at work, the battery got discharged. Reason not clear but it appears that the alarm was triggered which caused the battery drain! I now have to park the vehicle at low guard. There is a loud humming sound which appear to becoming from the wheels that come and go! Do not lock the steering wheel if you do not want to spend the next 30 minutes trying to start the car! I've had far reliable cars than this one for half the price. I feel cheated and I bought used - imagine if I had to pay new for it. I just hope I can get rid of it and not get hosed down completely.
This is the most troublesome car that I have ever owned. I bought it based on Volvo's reputation for safety and reliability. I wanted a car that I could own for 10+ years but now I can't wait to get rid of it. I love the handling, ride and the feeling of driving a big, safe, sturdy car but it has been in the shop over 30 times in the past 3 years. I've replaced many parts too numerous to list. Off the top of my head, I've replaced rear axle, front shock towers, tie rods, power steering pump, and more brake pads, rotors, lite bulbs and tires than I care to think about. There's currently a leak in the transfer case that will cost about $2000 to fix but I'm trying to avoid that. To top it off, the depreciation has been so bad, I'm in a negative equity situation and cannot afford to pay the $3000 it would cost to get rid of it. Volvo corporate has been of no assistance, their customer service staff are rude and completely unconcerned. The one and only time a car has ever left me stranded was this Volvo. Frankly, you couldn't give me another Volvo.
When I first purchased the car I loved it. Now I wish I had bought somthing else. If you buy this car I higly recommend getting the extended warranty. I'm so glad I did. Imagine after owning a car for less then 3.5 years and getting slapped with a 4000.00 bill.
The best of cars/the worst of cars. One of the best cars I have driven--the worst I have owned. Bought as a certified used car with only 28K miles--a luxury car for the price of a new Camry. Bought it for my wife's severe back problems, and it hasn't disappointed in that regard. She can drive it 12 hours with no pain--some other cars only 30 minutes. However it would be gone if my wife would let it go. We love the seats, power (coupled with 27 mpg on the highway), quality appointments and stereo system (which Edmunds rated #2 sounding factory system in the world). Only problem is I now know what my home system should sound like, and need new speakers to keep up. Now for the bad part: computer software was not updated before we bought it. This is a must if you buy a used S80. We had multiple check engine lights, brake failure lights, and several indicators at once. Weeks in the shop, returns to the shop for the same problem. Now that the computer software is updated, we are having structural problems at 55K: a broken engine mount and a broken suspension strut mount, the latter took 4 days to fix. Not to mention the door lock problems (supposedly fixed on later models) and headlight replacements. Oh yes, the CD player broke, necessitating a complete stereo replacement. Service manager very helpful--doing all he can. He assures me the car is sound--wish I could believe him. The extended warranty that comes with certified used cars has kept this whole painful process down to $100 outlay on my part. However, I had to keep my 10 year old Honda for the first year we owned the Volvo as a spare. Do not buy for your only car. The love/hate relationship continues. If Volvo has fixed the reliabilty, this could be a great car, and I could buy another, but I would not buy a '99-01 model, and am watching the '02 and later for the future.
Love the car when its not in the shop. Drives smooth and is very comfy. Lots of leg room and great trunk space. At 58,000mi I have had to have more work done than would be expected. I am now in line for a new transmission and throttle at a grand total of $5000. A new transmission at 58K miles is not acceptable. I have only serviced this vehicle with Volvo and baby it.
I have never owned a car that I hated and loved so much. Bought at 40k, now at 65k, I have replaced many parts, more in 25k miles than in 205k miles on my 95 Honda Accord, which I still own as a back up for when this one needs service. I can't get service information. Parts are so expensive, I can not believe it, especially if they fail so often. Can't I get a volume discout? This car looks and drives great. From this perspective it is the best car I've owned. From a reliability perspective, it compares to the 1989 Ford Tempo I once owned-awful. I am looking to sell before something major fails, like some of the reviewers have stated at this web site, such as power steering, rack and pinion or the transmission; Yikes! My advice: Don't buy one, buy two, just like the old Jaguars, so you have one to drive while the other is in the shop.
Beware the S80!     Bought a 1999 T6 and have nothing but problems - mainly front-end related:     27,000 mi: Replaced battery.  37,000 mi: Replaced two front link rods, ABS module.  41,000 mi: Replaced power steering pump.  49,000 mi: Replaced two front shock absorbers.  52,000 mi: Replaced link rod, inner tie rod end, engine mounts.  57,000 mi: Replaced lower right front ball joint, steering fluid reservoir.    That was less than 500 mi ago and the car is again making the sorts of groaning noises that tell me it's time to take it back in!     Oh, to be able to go back to my Acura (previous car), or to any of the four Toyota products that preceded it!    The S80 looks great, feels safe, is comfortable - but you basically need to buy two (one for the road and one for the shop). Oh, and did I mention that the AM radio rarely works in built-up areas?
Worst car I have ever owned! I had it for 14 months. In that time, it broke down 7 times and had to be towed 5 times. I missed Thanksgiving (missed my flight stranded on the side of the road), and my best friends bachelor party.    Fuel pumps, cooling fans, Mass air flow units, throttle body (2X),and error codes to name a few. Oh, and the A/C never worked properly. I live in Florida!    I spent between 20 and 25 hours on the side of roads waiting on tow trucks and spent approx. $2000 on non-warranty repairs and rental cars.    My S80 was an abject engineering failure!
While this car is a dream to drive, it just can't seem to stay out of the repair shop. And the same problems happen over and over again. And every problems requires at least two trip before the Volvo guys can find the problem and fix it. 4 trips to the shop to seal a windshield. About 8 to replace failing CD players, I am on player #4 now. And uncounted number of programing error messages. And blown light bulbs!! I have got to be up to 20 replacement bulbs. I lost a key the other day, over $100.00 to replace it and of course the get a replacement I had to take the car in to the dealer.   I have put on about 2000 miles on this car just going to the shop.   Is the car that bad or does Volvo have the worst trained mechanics in the auto world. My best guess is that Volvo built a car so complex that even their own engineers don't understand it.
Worse car ever owned, and with so many, and repeat, problems I'll never purchase a Volvo again.    I've had this 1999 S80 since buying it with 12,000 miles on it. It has two bad rear bearings, has had throttle problems twice ($500 and $1000), leaking heater core, wears out tires (3rd set of Michelins, 65,000 miles on car), emissions system, and numerous other problems you shouldn't have on a $40k car. Piece of junk. And Volvo is jerky--doesn't share codes with non-dealers so stuck with using high-priced dealers. Took car in for service at 55,000 miles (but past warranty by six months), and dealer found $3,500 of problems...on a car that the dealer had serviced since I bought it. So much for customer loyalty.
Bought the car used in 2002 under Certified Used program with 40,000 miles. I did a lot of research at the time, and felt there could be risk, but the car has simply been the absolute best car I have ever owned and I now have 76,000 miles on it. I have driven it coast to coast in 4 days, and have never been left stranded. It is reliable, powerful, comfortable, and a work of art. I had one rough throttle sensor replaced (under warranty), but it did not leave me stranded. Oil changes, fluids, and tires are all I have invested besides two headlamps, which I changed in 5 minutes. I was rear ended in one fender bender in street traffic, and my Volvo looked scratched, while the other car's front end was totaled. The CD player with the Premium Sound system is the best Audio system I have heard. This is a lot of value for the money, and I would not hesitate to purchase another S80 T-6.
Unbelievable finish for a six year old vehicle. All service which was other than normal replacement was covered by Volvo - transmission replaced OUT OF WARRANTY, but covered 'GOOD FAITH' by Volvo - class act (didn't require any effort on our part other than showing all records since delivery - same dealer did all work). Love the room - three kids (two are not at all small - all seem to fit well. We ditched the minivan after making good use of this car for six months and haven't looked back. Silly thing turns 25 MPG on average (better on long trips, more like 22 around town) even when loaded. Normally aspirated version has adequate power for a family of five. Seats are the best since Saab gave up the 900 line... possibly better than those. No real troubles from the vehicle.
A common thread you'll find with anyone that has owned this car for any period of time is the opinion that it's the worst car they have ever owned. What a total piece of trash! A paragon of unreliability that will leave you by the side of the road again and again. In 154,000 miles, I have almost bought the car twice, paying over $34,000 in repair bills, over and beyond the new car warranty and the extended service contract. My vacations for the past six years have all been spent in Volvo dealerships waiting for them to replace the same parts again and again. Volvo is apparently incapable of making anything made of rubber; Engine mounts, sealing o-rings, upper suspension bushings, control arm bushings, sway bar links. Four transmissions (1 on Volvo, 2 on extended service contract, 1 on me at $5,000 a copy), three electronic throttle modules, six upper suspension busings @ $850 each. I could go on forever. I kept a book with a service log and copies of all the repair orders, because it was difficult to describe to anyone the magnitude of the failures of every single system on the car, again and again. Folks would ask why I didn't get rid of the car sooner. The real reason was that the car has almost no resale value. No Volvo dealer would ever think of taking it on a trade-in and putting it on his lot because he knows what a piece of garbage it is that will only result in more dissatisfied customers. At one point when the car was three years old, Volvo offered to have me participate in their 'Owner Loyalty' program that would offer me a $5,000 discount on a new S80. The dealer would offer me $5,000 as a trade-in for a three year old car that I paid over $45K with tax. The car didn't have a dent or scratch on it. I had dutifully replaced parts as they (literally) continued falling off the car. So I took roughly $40,000 in depreciation in 3 years and 72,000 miles. Now there's a value proposition for you! I finally traded it in as six years old with 154,000 miles at a Mazda dealer for $7,100. God help the poor soul! I made certain to take all ID out of the car because I didn't want the new owner to know who I was. Buy a car from a company that knows how to build and support luxury cars. That certainly isn't the Ford Motor Compnay because their idea of customer retention equates to cost containment as they continue to bleed red ink. Pathetic.
Not the most exciting car that I've ever owned with cornering & handling dynamics that are a little ordinary. It's now 7 years old and has 162000kms (100000 miles) on the clock and the only repairs and maintenance done on it has been minor and what would be expected as wear and tear for a car of its age. For me this car has always been reliable, comfortable, safe and the best long distance touring car I've owned
I bought a used Volvo thinking it would be a good and safe car for myself and my two teenagers (it rides nice and looks great). However, it has been nothing but problem after problem. In two years I have spend close to $3,300 in repairs and every month or so something else goes wrong. I've been told by two dealers that they will give me $4,000 as a trade in for it. The single most expsnive car MISTAKE I have ever made! I have never been so distraught over the purchase of a car.
The best car I ever own
A piece of crap. No more Volvos for me.  Grandfather and neighbor had Volvos which lasted 200K+ miles. Thought this one might be the same.  Love the car and hate it at the same time. Just like a bad marriage, after 8 years and putting so much time, energy, and LOTS of money - I've finally come to the realization that it's time to end the relationship.   Love the ride, hate the repairs which are too numerous to mention. You name it, it's been fixed. Just read all the other reviews and add a few. I can change headlights now in 20 seconds. Is that something to brag about? Volvo has never been of any help - just very frustrating.  The other night at the airport, went to start the car - it half started and then died. I mean died hard - no lights, no sounds, nothing. Opened the hood, looked inside, slammed the hood and all the interior lights came on. Started right up and been fine ever since. Time to move on. Should have listened to my friends and left her a long time ago.  They're trying hard to lure me in with the 'new' S80 but they can't seduce me this time.   On to an Acura or Lexus.
the car looks better than it goes. sytlish design and looks once you get under the bonnett the problems begin. Have and continue to have problems with the front end. the car has been off the road alot.
I really loved the style and lines of this car.  As soon as I saw it I knew that it was the car for me.  The interior is nice and designed well.  Would have liked a garage door opener built in.  The first year with the car was fine, then I started having a lot of little problems.    My biggest problem was that the rear bumper guard wrap came loose on both sides.  It was really apparent on one side more than another.  I believe a car wash snapped the right side totally off.  I discovered later that metal rivets caused the fasteners to crack and weaken.  I asked Volvo to cover this under warranty.  It was terrible how I was ignored, even after continual letters and phone calls.  'I'll get back to you was the common theme.'  Even customer service was terrible. It seems that they're really nice until they have to deal with a real problem.
Very comfortable ride. Good power and handling. There's a lot of steering torque when making u-turns. AM radio reception is very poor--lots of static. View to rear is poor--you really have to turn all the way around in order to see clearly. At 22K miles, front right wheel just collapsed one day. Car was only going 12 mph and there were no potholes. No one can explain it. An engineer was called in and could find no defects. I'm still concerned about safety because I continually hear noises from the front end--it makes thunking sounds depending on what you're doing. Looking at all of the other reviews and the problems I've had, I doubt that I'll purchase another Volvo.
This is the best car I have ever owned. It is luxurious, quiet, and adequetly powered. I purchased the 2 litre Turbo, with 180hp @ 3500rpm. 3500rpm is when the turbo kicks in, and you can DEFINATELY feel the kickback. only problem is, you have to really hit the gas to get 3500rpm. otherwise, the car doesn't get there, only reaches 3500rpm at about 120kmph. the acceleration is smooth, a little(very little) bit underpowered. however, this is a luxury car, (so power is less of a need), and it feels like one. the interior is modern, but very classy, unlike that of the Mercedes Benz E200, which is full on wood(overdone) or the BMW 5 series, which is all buttons. The Volvo S80 reaches and equilebriam between the two, which makes it a far better choice than either. When you sit in the seats, you think that they are hand made, and wish you had the same for your living room. When you open the door, and enter the cabin, you a sure of the car's safety, which is a high compliment to the swedish manufacturer know for its safety rather than style. Yet, Volvo has ascended to a new level with the S80, making it a more than formidibal rival to the Merc and BMW, in safety, as well as style. The S80 has a beautiful, unique shape, that is modern, yet, in keeping with Volvo tradition, imposing. Make no mistake, this is a big car.big yes, but not bulky,and definately VERY stylish . driving it is a pleasure, because the driver, as well as the passengers, know that they are in one of the safest cars, and also because they feel the pleasure of being in a Volvo.
frustrating warning lights come on and service dept has difficult time figuring out problems. Difficult to see rear and/front of vehicle for parking, frequent trips to service depts.
A lifelong Volvo driver - I have owned nothing but Volvos since 1975 beginning with a 144, 240, 740, S-70 and then I bought my S-80. This has been a very poor experience. Many of the problems I have encountered I attribute to Volvo going for too many innovations all at once. With persistence, and IF Volvo actually LISTENS to complaints like these, they may engineer the numerous faults out of this car. My report is factual and based on a years ownership during which I felt like I lived at the dealership who were terrific in t of trying to get the car repaired. Bad driver ergonomics - poor cornering, lack of rearward visibility, uncomfortable seats (killing a long tradition of fantastic seats in all the previous Volvos)plastic rain gutter strips that degraded and mottled, fake interior wood trim that chipped, an instrument surround coated in paint that Armorall instantly dissolved, a rear bumper guard that lost a stud and needed to be entirely replaced for a cost of $8000,a radiator that disintegrated by 45,000 miles, with a multi-week wait because Volvo had no replacements there was such a run on them I assume,  a viscolastic coupling engineered with poor seals that leaked fluid, side lights with clips that fell off routinely, a false engine warning that destroyed the enjoyment of a trip to San Francisco, I was advised to get the car towed back to the shop. A $1.40 seal on the engine that failed and poured oil and required that the manifold system be removed to replace at about $600. After just on one years trouble plagued ownership I ran out of confidence. I sold the car at a loss and went back and bought an S-70 GLT.
1999 Volvo S80 - If you are in the mood to spend more at the Volvo dealership that you would for a new car, then buy this car. 39000 miles and I have been stranded due to the throttle body being bad (two weeks after having this fixed ), Both turbo's are being replaced due to oil leking into them. Transmission slipping ( waiting for this to fail ) This car is definately not worth the money, but the worst thing of all is the dealer will always fight you about any warranty work. They will deny everything and make you prove its covered. Selling and never owning a Volvo again.
It looks good, but that's about it. This has got to be the worst car that i have ever owned, mechanically.
comfortable car. Handles very well. Best priced car for this level of performance and interior refinement. I have had warrenty work done, and all were performed professionally. Last Volvo owned due to overall value compared to Toyota/Lexus
This is the worst car I have ever owned-I own a auto repair shop and I could not fix the running problem-dealer can't fix the running problem-has been there 6 times, every info light known to car has been on.
After many initial (1st year) mechanical problems - all of which were taken care of by tyhe dealer - the car has been running well for the past 2-3 years. Has 39,000 miles now and is running fine.
Overall this is a great car. I'm 19, and I feel lucky to own this car. Sometimes there is a reliability problem, but honestly what car doens't have this problem at one time or another. I am very pleased with the safety features and the sound system ROCKS!
I purchased my S80 T6 used with 27,000 miles. It has far surpassed my expectations. It is quick enough to easily merge into high speed traffic on short Interstate entrances and smooth enough to have remember to look at the speedometer before the radar finds you. I have the tiptronic transmission. Inside ergonomics are superior, the stereo is amazing. The seats are by far the most comfortable I have ever experienced. I would reccomend this vehicle to anyone.
Purchased vehicle 7/10/2002 w/37,000 miles. Had several problems at first but were resolved before the warranty ran out at 50,000 miles. Car is a dream to drive. Handles great, good acceleration, comfortable seats, more than enough interior and trunk room. Large car feel but sports car handling. Handles very well at 125 mph. Good fuel mileage city/hwy at 20 mpg. A joy to drive and look at.
